that time .
brings the darkness on wtju.net ::: Saturday Night, 1-3 in the AM
You see me as a villain and treat me like a felon, I'm still rockin it still talkin it
your welcome ^.^
#FF Thanks - have a great weekend!
Karma is a wonderful thing. The simplicity it brings to life is stress releasing.
I honestly thought my grade would be higher, but Crain's little grading rubric spit out the D-. Ideally, it'd be incomplete.
It's on loop this morning!
Bank account got me feeling well
Pens leading 4-1. I need to get out of class and watch!
Just Baer those sleigh bells ringling, ting ting tingling too..
Wow, very cool.
Beginning November 6, we will be offering a Brunch Buffet every Sunday! All of your favorites will be included. Full menu to follow...
Ru what's been up
*angels come flying down hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
of says : reaching out nationally, having conversations, sharing what works
That was CRAZY! DJ Wicked was one thing, but DJ Nicole Leone getting the boot, OH HELL NAH!
thank you, ;) do you want to star in the next one?
JUST ASKING: Did Newt Gingrich's daughters ever have to go 4 food stamps when he left their mother and didn't pay child support?
Who are you people
President Obama sings disaster declaration for N.C after tornadoes, clearing way for federal aid. (did POTUS sing or sign?)
Currently revisiting: Short Eyes. Piñero.
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
Uh huh
can i get your autograph?! and maybe you can get me that hottie's autograph too if you know what I'm saying ;)
RT IdiotOnTour We agree about the new artwork. It's pretty awesome! LOVE YOU !
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example - Mark Twain
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal. Aim High SE
Keep your face protected this weekend with Physician's Endorsed Hats containing SPF 30!
WEA DF U WAS AT YESTERDAY?
...wheels keep on turning.....rollin'..rollin'... Going to go work on my "Tina" legs in RPM.
Sheriff refused to carry out order. Vogl later died at his home. Vogl's family is asking for contempt order.
#YesWeCan RT: : Rolling Stone is having a "Best Boy Band" contest. I voted for and L7.
Sent you gift to have through ur treatment. The best of luck to you! Much love and support!
my mom turned the plate and made me realize my plate setting looks like a thing with balls gone into a thing
thanks ihad a other twitter but i fogot my password so i made new one
Them Houston boys got game.
not sure at all!
the stadium looks beautiful tonight haha
Ight last night was amazing cnt wait tell nextweek
Hefty salad with a soft, flimsy fork.
I would take a sheep to the Elizabethtown
No irony whatsoever that my building ID/badge was deactivated on National Library Workers Day... right?
WOW It's nice out today!
At the plenary panel? Come learn more about some new facets of academic publishing tomorrow morning in our session.
Ten Hit Hindi Films With Terrible Endings
This algebra has to wait til after this game
Talked to Phil Claridge at church Sunday. He said the lack of Zellers has left an athletic void in that community. Apathy?
old ladies wearing tank tops make me lose my appetite
#Reds game with !
cleanin this room, cant keep it clean for shit
For once I can't wait til this weekend is over and Tuesday to get here
Cherish The Ladies will be performing at The Foellinger Theater in FT. Wayne, IN 08/12/2011. Show time is 8PM.
Those who say it can't be done are usually interrupted by those doing it. =) Have a great day!
"He still lives at home with his momma!"
and they all said.... RT a cosign or a big time dj doesnt mean shit if u truly dont have that gift
I have been hearing a lot of rumors about a new LitFuse site in the near future. hm
It's not what you know but what you can prove.
Today I'm grading essays on Nietzsche and writing a quiz on Crevecoeur, so my typing fingers are getting quite confused.
Paul George double slam dunk so far the most impressive.
Thanks for the mention via !
So are we settled on Thursday? If so, when and where?
RT if you're salty about the Colts dropping Peyton Manning. I know Pops is. Lol.
follow me back beautiful
You, too. TGIF, ftw.
I've been putting in a lot of hours this week. I think I may need to disconnect from work for the weekend.
no mjizzle at the vid... whoa!!!
same here. check out www.terriblepeoplewebshow.com I wrote it ep 2 online 9am
:-) ya...that was so funny!!!! What happened last night. Fill me in!
Lmfao who ever sees my last 3 posts.KNOWS I was drunk lmao
Gus Johnson just noted Josh Gasser was the Wisconsin Gatorade Player of the Year. I'm sure NCAA sponsor Powerade loves that.
Wow... It's been a minute since I've been on Twitter... What's happening Tweet Peeps?
the longer the game goes without a goal for #spurs the better it is for #sunderland #coys lets put one in right before the half
My bathroom scale died on me yesterday. I'm trying to ignore the potentiality of a hidden message in that.
apple will probably repair it as long as it your first repair. Make an appointment and give it a shot
Hats off to M. Flynn... simply amazing game ...
Pity. That would be a good way to die. They should look into marketing it to the Texas Dept. of Corrections.
then I would be considered "creepy" LOL
Happy mothers day world and happy b day to me
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Of course you pervert would give me a disscount when you shouldn't after looking at my body.
Article said Germany was "Free Trader" with Trade Surplus and other things I said. Not want to spread misinformation.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. Paul Valery
hey mike, did you see last night's "Intervention"? Ah :(
HEY. EZRA IS MY MAN, TWEETY.
Pickup Line: Are you a gardner, 'cos I want to put your tulips and my tulups together
just thinkin of that after seein dude rockin one on the bus - makes you choose mixes wisely
metoo<3 btw your username is awesome. Even though he has no ass hahah
Thanks for spreading the word! We have some great things coming up!
You can make a difference - bring your donations to the Thrift Shop by Dec 31 during regular business hours & get your 2011 tax receipt!
grasstrack? I did not know that.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F FAIR
Communicating Styles Survey has been administered to more than 4 million people in over 5,000 corporations & other organizations worldwide
I feel like everyone should be able to RT this
I think music shouldn't be beholden to business, but being a composer *is* a profession.
All filming is complete! Now a wait for the final edit! Our fashion forum has grown from 20 people to 93 in mere weeks!
Youre gonna end up eatin a government regulated ammount of cheese when youre livin in a van down by the river!!
T-Day prep, day 2: & I grocery shopping at the butt crack o' dawn to beat crowds. I'm not a fan of shopping cart evasion manuevers
Am reading The Crippled God by Steven Erikson which is the 13th book in the Malazan Book of the Fallen Fantasy series.
M I don't love cheese..
can't wait to test drive! So long post it notes.
RT : Happy Spring Break for all the students at Millennia Atlantic University. During the break, hours of the university 9am to 7pm
;) sounds like a great day! -Adam
RT : Busy Tuesday for CTO Brian Johnston as he is panelist at the #CIO Perspectives event in Atlanta
I think you should just give me that Buffalo one from
Do a Ustream please?! (:
I have the COOLEST UX job in MSP & I'm looking for a mid UX Guru who loves GIS. Tweet me if you live in Twin Cities!
I don't want him to.. like a month ago, this wasn't a problem. I guess because they down payment is $350. but they get it back
okayy.(: you take care also(: <33
So pumped for this Kansas Ohio State game
Hahaha!! Love it!
I don't get bothered by haters, I just get concerned
It really irritates me when customers take advantage of my kindness.
great comments last night!
Florense's team wishes you and your familly a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Don't ever tell me I don't love you, everything I do for you is because I love you
My 12 yr old brother still gets up at the buttcrack of dawn..
Just great ! I lost everything this week ! Fuuuuck . Not in the mod to do shit .
How fat and gross is Rush?
woww so tired when the summer or atleast the weekend go kick in
Any N.C. State Wolfpack fans out there? ACC Tourny!
I love the feeling of crawling into my bed after a long day of work:)
1st of all i don't hate al!! just like 5 and 2nd you don't even know what happened so yea!
Sending a Birthday S/O to a growing internet radio powerhouse/blue check certified. !!! Happy Birthday Jack!!!
at least you got a good brain workout?
#raw10 i dated a woman, her breath was so bad, i felt my facial hairs burn. she had Holotosa @ the Mosta
Call in to listen to us tonight on the top Internet radio station there. 10pm tonight! - Hinkle, Godfrey, Hiles. All MMA (347) 884-9986
thanks for the mention in your Daily!
That was a bomb by Jay Bruce 1 of the longest home runs I've seen at Miller Park
I actually thought it was a reasonable trade, for what it's worth. (I even thought it made the Lakers slightly *worse*)
Dancing with the Stars cast seems like a total snoozefest. The athletes aren't relevant and the stars are C-listers instead of B-listers.
Movie Time 📺🎥
Your happiness is your responsibility, make your own changes find your own why. Do not fear your potential
Hahahahaha! ": #Happy420 enjoy prison when they do a #Happy421 national drug test day ! :)"
Healthy lunch from in Orange County. Didn't kno they were a ! Found a little taste of home in the OC.
There's a fine science to the number of texts you need to pretend to be friendly before asking someone for a favor.
Midnight is now $45.5 in the US on 621 screens.
still searching for 35 y/o Hispanic Male #Actor in #Tallahassee area for an upcoming #role! Know anyone?
So I want to sing your version of kiss me for the Xfactor auditions.....
just make sure your phone is charged up so you can play Angry Birds: Space every time Dave talks:)
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great night!
twitterverse - do any of you know someone who works at Sanders\Wingo?
# BALLIN OUT LIKE BOW...BOW
Wow that was major Omarion and Maybach O.
I know! We are crazy! Love ya too!
RT WOW, I am surprised that others think my odds are that good. #respect JUST KEEP WORKING LUKE YOU HAVE!!!
You're right. Will get on that. Good point.
Go Southern Miss beat nevada!!
your dress is cute
Happy triple Eleven to all of u my evil people!! & may jah 4give all the bloody soldiers 4 helping big govmts commit war crimes #Full Moon!
Teambuilding Day - Bowling Tournament!! TekPartners is definitely the best place to work!
I can't stop thinking about him......he's the only 1 I love
Touché!... I understand that reasoning cuz I consider Jazmine as another sister to me.
Hey members! Ho many of you have joined #FITT2012 the newest club fitness challenge?
I'm so excited!!
it makes me know that were both not dead and also I don't see you. ;(.
we are excited to follow our students and alumni. We're proud to follow you.
Jon Porras' Black Mesa
Is Salesforce maintenance happening right now? I never really notice those update screens... but now I can't log in. :(
Watching my O's play the BJays... Toronto must've sold approx. 300 seats tonight. Ha. The sound of the crowd reminds me of little league...
Just pushed my first commit to Github. Okay, it was my second, but my first unassisted.
Filled to the top with disappointment.
LOVE IT!!!
#OlensTips might be my new favorite thing.
no. Kids went back and forth to school while we were here. Express private jet
I've been doing research on "net generation", and learning styles and am trying to present to admin, something to look at
my neighbor says stuff like "OMG! Did you hear about..."
#MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: "if TV made presidents, you would be the president cause during your governorship u spent 1bil on Media"
Bout that time. Night tweepers! ☺🙏✨💤💤
I don't know the key to success- but the key to failure is trying to please everybody!!!
Congrats to for a great marathon in Chicago!
Consider yourself followed
lost 6 pounds since her last weigh-in! She's lost 13 pounds so far.
aw, i'm sorry to hear that :( if we can't meet in NJ then definitely when we're back in DC
Exactly. The overhead is a LOT more expensive for console games when you consider manpower and labor
Working the #NFLDraft for ESPN Radio. Let's get it on.
What are some EFFECTIVE ways to get rid of hiccups?!
People say nails on a chalkboard is the worst sound ever... I think it's the alarm clock in the morning
yes I. Think so too so.what time is good for you text back and let me know okay.
has amazing stuff for last minute gifts!!
Check you DM
Unc is going down today
Ditto! RT : can wait until Sunday! #BrewerBash with
#HoesOutHereFuckinFor a bowl of cold noodles and a ride home
it's more moving than a quadriplegic
#Mayweather got a insane right hock.
heyy!! Don't you have Draw Something? Well...what's your name on there? Mine's MollyBethF. just saying. We should play!(: <3
yes please !
The clouds are dark 0_0
lol stomach turning enough
It's very inspiring to hear you guys say that :)
RT "Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same."
Just ate a package of thai candies, not realizing they're dried fruit. According to the nutritional facts, I just ate 10g of fiber. shit.
In Dallas and ready for #linked2012! Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!
Nope! RT : Apple as a brand turns me off so much I'm willing to pay more just to have anything but their product. Am I alone?
FABULOUS article. TY.
Over-worked, stressed-out and tired all the time. Sound familair? There IS help, TODAY'S TMJ4 News, On Your Side, tonight at 10:00.
Dear #soccer groundskeepers, The lines would be much easier to see if you would cut the grass BEFORE you painted it. #Justsayin'
I panicked and closed the window. I'm a little depressed.
I don't. :-/ That is put on by the CVB and I haven't heard too much. can you help Laura?
Some things ill never know and I had to let them go
Jack's mannequin killed it tonight in Boston!!
That awkward moment when you're kicking ass at Mario Kart, then you realize you've been looking at the wrong screen.
cam had a wr and a running game, skins don't.
also, 4. what happened to ur gr8 D?, 5. max contract=work harder, not say 'the heck with yall'. 6. Ull only b remembrd for CHIPS
Great site Travis!
Managing Partner, Twiller|Moore, an executive search and consulting firm in NYC; Board Member, NAPS; Boston College grad;
talk to me about your story. I'm the mother of a cutter.
Whiskey is risky but it makes the girls frisky.
MT : Oh TripAdvisor. "The hotel itself was amazing but it rained all week and our holiday was ruined - 1 star."
Do I even follow any female Devils fans? Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
Longest line at Fred Meyer?? Yep, MegaMillions by a longshot (yep, pun intended)
Mad shout out to I've benefit working all day illustrate get at ya once I'm home about an hour from now
After my pedicure I think ill have to go to the hospital &get stitches to stop my toes from bleeding.. this woman has bout killed me!
Latest #followers - #client/#business prospective
I wanna see chronicle to you know, so don't hog it.. just saying :3
bear in mind emu doesn't taste too good, at least for my palate but maybe it was roadkill.
The Old English word for 'sneeze' is 'fneosan.'
I really hope tomorrow wont be as humid as it was today.. i will kill someone if it is!!
At this point, I hope that NO ONE hits the #megamilli and the prize rolls over to a Billi.
Gleason Archer patents discovered for tank destroyer, ventilation
excited to be preparing my presentation on rights management for creative DAMs for
Fantastic news!
about time!
EVAN YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT STAR WARS JUST STOP
'Seattle Mama Doc' receives CDC Childhood Immunization Champion award - Access Washington
RT : Here waiting to see // Enjoy!!
Hello ! I need Stars or Party money, I have Merge. If anyone can help a holdplz out, holler at me plz !
I just noticed that. Sorry
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate When is we gonna fuck?
A politician is an arse upon which everybody has sat except a man
#UFC136 Going to b good! :)
I'm glad we are positive ;)
You know you want to come to our #SMWWDC happy hour tomorrow. Go ahead, RSVP: on.fb.me/wUQTGR
Watching Troll 2. The greatest.
holy Jesus! Spectacular pics Coco.
I Need Some Stress Relief !
You have to look after each other
We have sad news. After losing all our photo and videos, our supposed 'friend' David Paul Krug, who was supposed to help us with the webs...
that's a good one. Do you have a national championship ring from high school? Or state ring? Or a gold medal? Or all American?
RT : FB to buy Instagram. If they make it so you have to have a FB account to sign in, I'm abandoning all social networking.
#FactsWithoutWikipedia Mitt led Bain Capital in the acquisition of a whorehouse chain that created 742,000 bl-- jobs.
eeep okay this is not fun to watch,leave pizza alone!
anytime man, anytime. just like now n shit
lol!! your new keek is so funny to me ;) .. I don't even know why.. haha. You could be like the girl with funny talent! hehe
I have a feeling that might not be a bad thing for the bucks. Just a hunch.
Got stuck behind a school bus and now a train
Got my unread e-mails down below 15,000. This is actually substantial progress.
unless you know something that nobody else does........ then I'm going to say:VERY VERY DOUBTFUL
How To Spring Clean Your Dryer Vents and Air Ducts « Air Systems ...
Ready to get this album finished and out...
S/O TO MY BROTHER BLOCK ROYAL
wants to increase our state's rainy day fund. It's about time someone wanted surplus instead of debt!
Hoping to get #Trespassing in the mail today!! 😜❤🎶👍
I knew that was Tom Brady I saw standing in the #BeerLine before the game, His first play confirmed it for me..
dumb question but is it called a Jesus cake?
has the best programing
Thanks! That's less work for me.
Hey... is my public account. I really never tweet on anymore.
so sorry about ur oldest baby...!!
STAR ALL OF THE POSTS
Dude, I literally wiped a tear off my face.
i do love when people walk away when i'm talking to them -__- thanks mom, youre cool
I want a miniature zoo full of miniature animals from all around the world. That would be awesome.
what you pass on the A's? You passed on Oakland? You will regret this,hat was the offer from
I finally decided this is a place I'd like to hitch my wagon to.
Aww thanks! I get it from my mama lol RT : lol I can tell in the pic with your mom!! She's Beautiful by the way.
RT : New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out.
thg, haha they say "the world will be watching" haha, idk i'm just a big fan ._.
Coming soon to the Traditions Room... Reception!
haha u need to stop!
Please take more screenshots of my tweets
With all due respect, and I understand the context of quote, there are no 'empty seats' in classes, there are simply TOO MANY.
awww that's awesome, thank you James :-)
This #KillYourself shit; it's not funny, or cool. You sound like a barbaric, uneducated imbecile. Every 15 minutes someone commits suicide.
At NY Penn Station heading down to DC for #CCC12 - who's going? Ping me to meet up later at the opening reception.
I love sermons
Was it raining? RT : Drove by MacArthur Blvd twice today. Twice craved cake.
Pro-Tip: Want a manicure and/or pedicure the day before Mother's Day? Make an appointment, as they can get kinda busy that day.
I wonder how many people are tweeting right now.
Oh. My. God. This is so bad. It's not even 'so bad it's good' bad. No, it's just bad.
so true! and on a cheap satin pillow. yuck!
Rocking to Candyland!!!
Resnik examining how 'blindness,' traditionally negative and inauspicious, came to represent a positive characteristic of justice
The Hilliard Senior Center is located @ 3800 Veterans Memorial Dr, Hilliard 43085. We'll be there from about 11am to 12 pm. Stop by!
no u didn
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me5
Am I the only person that thinks Avatar sucked? Unobtanium? Really? You couldn't come up with a better name for an unobtainable element?
Starters tonight foie gras special and classic onion soup. Then scallops and duck confit with truffle risotto and squash as entrees.
Searching for a roommate is probably at the top of the list of sketchiest things to do... #CreepinHardcore #Ifeellikeimbeingcreepedontoo :O
Kate said Tom reminds her of Rob. Ha! Ha! Ha! You love each other.
what are you stuck on?
Amazing dinner @ chez bruce!
I would bet real money you'll love it
They can say what they want, give it their best, we'll wrap our hearts in bulletproof vests
Dx Trying to sleep but my phone keeps going off because of updates. :c Doctors appointment in 3hours. Dx
He didn't lose his account, but closed it.
Got my glasses fixed !!! #YEE !
Bros I luvs ya, But on ElbowDuck order, it doesn't inform of BACKORDER until AFTER Checkout! Not cool wntd u2 know
Thanks for meeting with us today, our staff is excited about moving forward.
#parents if your off today its a lovely day to be in the park with the children. lots of sun.
I'm out of here..smh.
Ha. You wont understand anyways!
I don't think it's too much to say Fleury's Secret Service Save was THIS generation's "The Save"..
Who turned down Sir Paul McCartney? USSportspages.com
Obviously this account is my humorous one and shouldn't be taken too seriously. My professional one can be followed
About to go ride my cousin's new horse she so pretty she is a Palomino/paint horse my Fave Breed!! I'm so PSYCHED!!
Can't complain at all. U?
So by that logic Masoli > Fouts. Get off your high horse buddy.
schemes, help. Sessions gotta step the fuck up.
Incredibly nervous and I'm nowhere near a TV
I hope the '72 Dolphins enjoy their champagne...Ugh.
#Palko strikes again!!!
it was nice being a cop :)
"Obsession with self in these matters is a dead end; attention to God leads us out into the open, into a spacious, free life." Romans 8 MSG
is a total class act.
at least he isn't talking about recycling his water again!
I think the 8:50 am start time is a HUGE benefit. We are the only HS that starts late. Also your principal is awesome! :)
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
Is that time again!
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. ~ Albert Einstein
"I am well" is not grammatically correct. It's pompous. That makes 'well' an adverb, meaning you're doing a good job at being.
it would b nice I'm tryna smoke now tho lol
I really want some ice cream, but I had cheese fries for lunch. I can't be eating all that in the same 24 hours. I'm scared of getting fat
That show was fantastic & so much fun as always!!!! Thank you so much Patrick!!!! :-) xoxoxo
Brooke: Badge system for "achievements" not yet a part of #kohails. (me: dang good idea, though; addictive as heck.)
Congratulations to my lovely girl ,Carmen ,on her graduation!
Excited to be at the Chick-fil-A Leadercast! Updates to follow...
sam the cooking guy on the dsc on jack fm san diego
He's only two Cy Youngs behind Tim Lincecum! (who the Giants picked one player after the O's took good ole Billy)
God will never feed your depression. Choose him and he will take away all burden. Be #Blessed tweeples...
@ how many people will you beat only 1 out of hundred turn you in. Carte Blanche
Good Morning Danielle
Haha, so true. That made me feel much better. 😃
Oh.. I love school
Watching Breaking Dawn :)
Sometimes we don't ask the question because we are afraid of the answer. Ask us, all we want to do is give you the answer right for you.
#typosf12 packed room here. will take opportunity to spread word for "Types We Can Make" ECAL exhibit coming to in May :)
I actually had a really productive day yesterday.
That's not even my son. I don't even know him. THAT WAS A CONFUSING TIME IN MY LIFE!
what did y'all do at 11:11? we are trying to figure out what to do!
In light of the recent suicides, would u make a video for gay youth? Please help with this message!
nope, was at home on my couch:)
i freaking miss you alot
I want my tattoo! Fuck i want it NOW!!
Tonight isn't going to be any different. He also reminds Colt Cabana that after this match all bets are off until they have their match.
not sure i could even sit through that....just too emotional
Get ur Gertrude Hawk $1 choc. bars here @ the library! Profits support the ACL Teen Leadership Committee and the programs they sponsor.
i be on the net alot cause i like to read , learn and network...#getlike me
where the buck are you? ;o I'm bored lolol
We wish all the parents & children good luck today for the first day of school.
lol smiley face
I want to have an Indian themed wedding. I love the colors, and beads, and elegance.
Family roots: an investigation of the effects of upheaval on family systems. By Mindy Thompson Fullilove.
I miss y'all MORE! We must reunite very very very soon :)
attempting to watch melancholia but i'm pretty tired so this might be a lost cause.
Picking through apples and a man comes over and says, "Easter eggs?" and he picks up an apple and I don't know if he's hitting on me or not.
Shandy - a beer mixed with citrus-flavored soda, carbonated lemonade, ginger beer, ginger ale, or cider.
Thank goodness snow pants are forgiving.
the question of the hour: should my new iPhone be white? or black?
yeah right. I wouldn't be able to ride that now.
Acting coaches list your services on the ActoRectory and access thousands of actors daily.
#maybeishould sneak out but im a chicken lol
Love this weather
so filipino! Lol
Happy Mother's Day to the best Mom in the entire world. :) I love you Mommy!
I have a tat and i checked it about 30 times b4 i let them start it. but i'm the 1 that has to wear it forever
Sorry, it's kristinhackman
It's amazing to me how many sites make me think "there should be a plug-in for scrobbling".
It kills me when someone loses absolutely everything in an instant.
We're excited to be part of 's #InfluencerAwards tonight. #BonneChance #Santé!
Runners! (and Volunteers :))- This Sun. 11/20, we run 6 miles @ 7am starting @ San Vicente & Ocean. G'luck!
I love getting new phone cases
Larry Crowne is a great movie!
worst headache u ever had
Thanks man
Looks like fun!
"The look up on my face say Homicide" free Man
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything! Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
Funeral tomorrow. Goodnight beautiful people! Hope you all have sweet dreams <3
#askObama What are you doing to get unemployed to start businesses?
For some odd reason, twellow isn't letting me sign in; stops after information. Won't let me confirm my email either. :-/
The evidence of high-stakes learning. MT : "This place smells like unwashed bodies and fear" @ UCLA Powell Library
That was an interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
Despite its long history of colonialism. lol
figured out what?
Great! Thanks for this. I will pass it along.
Good Night<3
DD Palmer you would roll in your grave if you saw all the drugs and drama-people love drama!
I love your website and it has been a great inspiration to me and my husband
Thx...join us for recording whenever! RT : CONGRATS!!!!!
TWEETING FOR A CAUSE | #FollowFriday #FF Know others?
Maybe Gauger will next wow us hicks with his musings on John Edwards' shoe selection.
CHECK OUT please they're great!
beam the fuck in. i cant do my work.
lucky!! (: where are you going?
i tend not to give af ! get yo own life hoe, Before i make yo asz my runway! not finna sneak diss #coco !
4 Questions To Ask Yourself Before Starting Your Own Business
This week's episode of The Legend of Korra is BUH. NANAS.
Welcome to twitter my younger daughter
Glad you are enjoying the tattoos! Still wearing ours... Can't wait to have you involved.
Bored as duck!!!!!! Ugh need a new guy
SCENES OF A CRIME is so infuriating.
Chaperoning my first middle school dance! Pretty excited!
trick is never let your mind to tell you theres nothing to do
Using markers of Bloom's Taxonomy levels in student work as suggestive of movement (subject to instructor interpretation). V cool.
#BlueRock is off to #video a future #tennis super star today!
nothing but school. Ready to graduate!
“: Duzi is so fucking adorable and the perfect kind of awkward ☺” aw stop it 😌
Honestly.. I'm really excited for Nationals!🏆🏆🏆
Did you Get Curried Away this weekend? Let's hear some exciting stories!!!
Tonights gonna be epic Hot 97 night. Let's hope we run smoothly.
Yeah, I'm fine!
Don't tell me "forever" if you really mean "for now"
We totally killed #FashionWeek with ! Stay tuned for amazing pics and footage!
for me yeahh
sigh #bring1dtoseattle is never ending
I love her even more because she takes all my shit and just laughs.
Thinking it would be a good idea to jump into a nice cold pool right now
12 hours till I rage with
we r a non-profit bike shop who hires disadvantaged teens and give them a safe learning opportunity.
Wow! Just hit 1607 tweets! That is our lucky number
hey man , what's up?
Whoa - just realized Loki (from Thor/Avengers) is the same actor as F. Scott Fitzgerald in Midnight in Paris. Now that's versatility.
“: Breakfast for dinner is the best!”... Sometimes BFD is what the DR called for
RT on the first of january, I'm going on a water diet.
If I didn't mention your name don't take it personal im eating and it ain't enough characters.
Aw... Leanne. :( How sad to be without the rest of the triad!
N yo own race will dog you out quicker then anyone else will.
RT God is in control
Decided to wear a dress today.. Now it's raining. Fml!
Just got the last two standing room tickets for the book of mormon tonight!
thanks for the ReTweet. What have you been up to?
's #TinyDesk concerts are really hitting the spot right now.
To be a true business person you have to be paranoid, ‘para’ from Latin, meaning ‘beside’ and ‘noid,’ some sort of pizza demon.”
[Book 4/100] This Is Not The Story You Think It Is, Laura Munson. Kudos , thank you for helping me grow up, truly inspiring...
Should I be a firefighter In the marines.. Or should I stick to security forces
Up early waiting on Semi driver to bring work, coffee is good and fresh I need a couple of glazed donuts....
absolutely loving the energy of
- See you there (I'm so excited, can barely sleep)!
thats so sweet u even learned spanish for love
Doing a powerful seminar w/ #RichardLawson so moving & powerful! :)
Omg i love you so much plz follow me <3
Great night, but kinda hurt.
flyest girl on the block
Wow, Jessica is not playing around...such a mature, soulful voice...
At the hospital a little longer than we expected waiting on to feel better
you said everyone OLD follow me?
Wishing for pizza delivery on the mountain...
I don't check personal e-mail very often during the day.
The kid finally figured out how to say dads. Love him!
I learned somwthing new today RT : Absolutely RT : Really ? RT : The best things in life are free
heading up to Rochester, NY for the weekend. must negotiate with the traffic to get to BWI first!
Just by listening to the announcers you would think Heslip has 30, equaling Baylor's lead. Xavier trails by 9.
Doing some marketing for our local #Curves today.
Some jus gotta deal wit stuff on dey on and handle it dey own way. I'm outta it. Ill be here when shit gets deep tho! #Loyal!
I finished ALL my homework. Now watching The Wood.
No excuses. No apologies.
lol man u fucked in the head
I am learning how to tweet just to yo.
oh damn,..
That goes both ways.
Looking to help 8 ppl create their fortunes on the internet within a year's time! Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
Omar Gomez Shooting here at R2K today! We Love our co-ops!
I've been home all day and haven't watched one bit of t.v..... Who does that?
Good Monday to all. We here at Lonestar Delivery and Process wish everyone a wonderful and productive week!
When you're on the treadmill don’t hold on. It decreases the intensity, which decreases your calorie burn by up to 24 percent.
Pride of Baltimore launched, Feb. 27, 1977
the worst part? I don't even like that. LOL!
Thank you for the follow! Happy Friday!
Wow, Mary Jo Buttafuoco remarries. I guess she likes taken bullets to the face.
We have some custom fireplaces that you may fall in love with.
but, we do have a Culver's in Richmond!
#OUrDay I have great memories of putting together the first ACTV-7 news website with !
I wish I still had kanye west college dropout album
"Happy" u rescued your new pup! Inspirational! Rescued a Morkie/ Malti-Shi mix a week ago at a swap/college. Named her "Chewy"♥
Reading about declining state appropriations for #HigherEd... Always interesting; always a bit depressing (pun intended?).
yes it is :) Kryssi isnt too bad either
you don't like Uecker?
Holy Pajamas! The Junior Board just crossed $6,100! Love.
Come visit the Centre Branch for Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:15am. Ages 5 and younger. For more information call 251-3700.
pumped to announce that me & are tying the knot in a month's time. exciting times ahead and can't wait for the festivities!
Gotta have my sausage & cheese biscuit from ASAP
Will do my man. You guys will dominate.
Does anyone know if/where I can get a Tudor watch repaired in NYC? Thanks!
The two man band killed it!! Apparently it's hip to watch the opening band?!? #Jane'sAddiction
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it. ~Henry Ward Beecher
can't wait to watch the walking dead at 9pm at amc! :D
I don't think my girlie parts are suppose to be sore after spin class
SO to , Tre Wells & Tyler Watts for being selected "Honorble Mention" in the Southwest League this season
Beach tonight was pretty widdit
#NERCOMP12 University of New Hampshire speaking at 2:45 in room 552 about IT Resource Allocation before and after implementing TeamDynamixHE
Being able to sleep in for an extra hour >>>>
- “Klugh…a Style That Pleases…the performance consistently delighted a capacity crowd.” Mike Joyce, The Washington Post
That awkward moment when your boy tells you something that you didn't need to know
Orlando has to work twice as hard without a big man.
low/no cost.
ha :p
You can actually connect with people on facebook. Twitter is just a bunch of random short updates. Bo!!! lol
BUT DOES HE SELL THEM #atthesamedamntime THO??
Quick Update: Cheese Wedge is still living in the dryer. Even flew back in there when it was on.
I'm not gonna deal with your shit every night
Think like a man
I Take Life For What Its Worth!
If a girl rushes to find out everything about you.. She just wanna use u
Tired and my allergies are getting worse!!!
FOLLOW ME-
Thanks for the rec! Might I ask how much it is? They want my personal info before giving me pricing details...
#NeverShouldYouEver Say you that pretty MF looking like Peter Griffin bitch
very well sir very well...prob going to the beach in a lil bit...I'm still waiting on to come to LA
crowd sourcing panel choice? Brilliant.
Did I get it right? Or, um, did I get it wrong? :-D
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
dont let people get you down, if they make you upset dont let them make you unhappy because thats what they wanna see... you upset
Unfortunate! RT : No marathon before THE DARK KNIGHT RISES, the screening rights were not available - maybe in the future though!
Just got interviewed for the documentary with
Sleeping with my amazing boy 🌹
as a cat person that makes me sad. I guess to most people cats are cats, whereas dogs may be chihuahuas or shepherds...
damn good game. longhorn second string is getting his mojo. bama better get serious again.
Presbyterian west side hospital opening today! Come see us for free chair massage with number 47. We are so excited to be part of this event
♀Promise yourself a life filled with love...your worth it♀
Blake Griffin SUCKS!!!!!!
Think I will break down & read #HungerGames before I see the movie!
RT : "Why am I telling knock knock jokes to Kim Kardashian? Why is she here anyway?" -- Barack Obama - Seriously!
Weekend is here. Bout time.
In the D with listening to soundcheck bout time to rock
RT Tom Brady... Meet Mr. Dumervil
Home just in time to watch them load into the starting gate for the Kentucky Oaks!!
why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work?
You realize it's possible for ppl to disagree with something you write for some reason other than blind partisanship, right?
So glad to see Richard Pryor circa 1971 alive and well
Zimmerman was Trayvon's Grim Reaper, and that night, as in one's worse night terror, Trayvon saw him coming with no way to shake him. Dang!
RT : Below to Porcello in dugout: You see, the trick is to remember these #Twins blow.
Jus out here fammo. Wus good witchu, where yu be at nowadays?? Miss ya ass no homo!!
LET'S MAKE IT A PIZZA NITE AND WATCH #BFV ON DEMAND!!!!!!
Q0) Barbara Smith. Instructional Design strategy and innovation. Atlanta, GA.
Thank you for your mentions with such awesome company! Enjoy making today fantastic!
i got my self a burger...yuuuummmmm <3
Congrats and all other grads!
Spending Mothers Day w/ my mom watching the #Mets gm... A BIG thank you to the woman who made me a #Mets fan!
Yeah. He must be off his meds. Should we send in a team? Again?
That waffle house 😍
The Red State thing: Not a fan! Goodman rocked it but it couldn't decide what kid of movie it was. Did like the trumpets.
did he really say that?
perhaps you sould dm me first? Lol Or if its more than 140 feel free to email me, addy is on my profile
I need a ride to school :(
Looking forward to it! That's at 2:30, right?
Looking forward to it Rick :) I'll DM you my digits. Have a great day yourself!
thank you! That's what everyone tells me about Pgh––I'm excited to discover it for myself.
I'm in one of those moods.... stay tuned...
Trivia Night tonight @ 730! First question: Where's the best place to have a ball downtown? We'll take A) Thunder Game or B)Whiskey Chicks!
#Madison #smbmad UR the best helping our speaker get safely here. But he flew in to Dane Cty. See you in the am
I miss my dad, so ready to see him Saturday!
Thanks to everyone who has followed us thus far!
RT : Net neutrality upheld in Congress today! Totally sweet!
whew! really nice -- traces of
If your iPhone could speak, what would it say?
For some reason...I'm feeling MUCH better now!
how would you win one?
Okay,And can you let me know when he reply's back? :)
Gotcha Day celebration for the mini-me. She so deosn't get it, but we had fun regardless. One day she will want a car or something for it.
Yep, she cray
grind mode just enjoying the late night twitter thing
We know the perfect way to start off your Wednesday morning-- Our Morning Starter Yoga Class from 7:45-9:00am... See you there!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana run banana run
: Henry Ford Library .
With twitter it could always be the character limit. FB lets you be the big giant a**hole that you truly are.
Woke with a terrible sore throat. Know any good home remedies to extinguish the fire in my throat?
Yo eyes R blue...but U ain't White! Yo hair just straight because U PRESSED it last night!!!
Huh, u can't take a break to go to the potty??
I'm liking the avi.very cute. :-)
jus tweet me a picture that u want to be in it
ballroom blitz!!
Ouch, the Fray just murdered the National Anthem
Thanks for the follow By the way, your Twitter Pic is totally adorable! Miss you !!
Bout to hit his gym up in a bit.. take a shower and hit the movies... Can We say #Beast lol.. im on my way...
yes, wear a sweater <33 and be my 500th follower? :)
“: Every girl should know that she deserves a man to love her the way she's supposed to be loved.” I do this role
Craig Carey relating W.R. Hearst to Ambrose Bierce as editorial warriors, typographical enthusiasts
thanks for the follow. Branding is fun. Being good at branding is funner!
don't wear booty shorts and uggs
U r a much needed reminder of natural selection....nature chose u to be gay because the world does NOT need ur offspring(s) running around
Craig be on some circus/ space pimp gear LOL
Get ready for improv tomorrow!
glad you enjoyed it - anything specific you liked?
Back to work today...and my wrist still hurts, so this should be fun.
"The important thing in writing is the capacity to astonish. Not shock-shock is a worn-out word-but astonish." Terry Southern, born 5/1/24
Thanks for the RT on my post!! -Kevin
haha hell no
Where is it snowing?
Can we expect a video for Va Voom Voom? Single?
We're talking about it! What do you like most about Google+?
"Right now, she looks like that women from Glee; the one with the big head who sings."- #Bachelorette CC:
If snitches get stiches, then what do bitches get? RT If snitches get stiches ,then what dl liars and haters get
we are like you! We want to make those lives of people in relationships better. Get in touch! Lets make the world a better place!
Just got in about to smash this food!
#magic Hope we get a big win today
wow! this is painfully wack.
loves the liquid crack they serve at starbucks
Should I stay or should i go
Looks Yummy<3
yes/maybe/I love it.
1000 followers is all it will take.
my boss is a runner of 25 years. He suggested to run in grass for while if you can to build up to it.
same here.
Can I be 16 & live in LA, London or NY. That would be great.
MT : Beth Cummings of Diffraction Fiber will be Tues Nov 8, 7pm to present on setting up a successful shop.
.. so true for most of Amorica these days!!!
My Dad says the craziest things I swear !
word RT : Thats real love “ My Auntie roll blunts for her nigga and don't even smoke...”
20 bucks says takes home Best Picture tonight at the
One more interview and then I'm gonna get shit housed
Lucky guy!! The sausage thing was great too!!
Patrick Nyarko seemed to be shaken up a bit, gets up just fine.
I'm obviously a fanboy, but I have no issues with the other consoles. I just happen to only own PS3s.
Congrats to Stephanie of on her nuptials this past weekend! She looked gorgeous!
glad your body is behaving. :) mine is behaving, but now I'm getting breakouts/hives with the regular soaps I use, so...
working :-) what are u doin?
- LitFuse - Totally agree... it keeps getting worse.
This guy's Siri on the bus next to me totally just tried to set us up on a coffee date.
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
yay! Another birdie who loves fresh basil :)) I'm holding off munching on it until it grows a little •>
yes it is bad
you're face wasted with your face cut up doing a half smile While some dude is holding you I DIED
An educated person is a wise person, and wisdom creates a better chance of justice resulting in freedom and democracy preserved & sustained
then move somewhere not too far from me :(
Sometimes you're hot and sometimes you're not. But never break that smile. Grant
RT : NOTORIOUS BIG DREWBYRD REMIX...PARTY &amp; ????????
At long last. Is Rush walking right into his "have you no shame" moment? #BoycottRush #P2 #TCOT cc
RT : The bitch across from me has been blasting CALL ME MAYBE for the past 8 hours.
-T. S. Eliot : "For last year's words belong to last year's language and next year's words await another voice."
In music, everyone is a critic and expert. Opinions are stated as facts. It's just human nature. Get over it and keep smashing forward.
Wow--Addicted by Lydia Parks got nominated for an RT award. Yippee!
hahaha, that's awesome 🍸🙇❔💤
RT Kale has over 100% Vit A&K. Hide in dishes to get daily greens. + to soups & stews, stir fry & spaghetti sauce.
Thanks Amanda. Check it out #newplay folks! #sitcon's happening
Tired times for Ms Nat-attack. Ready to curl up in bed with an episode of Gossip Girl :)
hi brian sent u a direct message my friend!
Only(1) more day to register for, "Bailando con Verizon"Dance contest Martini! Register & Win a trip to Chicago! Call 402 714 6027!!!
Great article my Brother
Hey allergies, fuck you. That is all. 😷🔫
Garrison at #packers: focus on inactive customers for opps. to re-engage. Focus on best customers to deepen relationship.
Your dad says, "go ask your mom." Your mom says, "go ask your dad." Now, you understand double recursion.
"Always concentrate on how far you have come, rather than how far you have left to go. The difference in how easy it seems will amaze you"
Watching some kind of medal award ceremony for John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Mike Collins.
the beginning of the new session is on February 6th...
Watchin the playoffs. At home. Living the good life. RETWEET
n-ice... cream lol
for sure!
may leave u hanging again, another game just started
if I know you and you're in Rochester , please check your fb events page for a bonfire party invite.
Horrible bosses is hilarious😂
LA art fans check out "None of These Clocks Work" 8pm Art is Shit, 642 Moulton Ave. W-12 LA
we're musical soul mates. ;)
I AM SO HAPPY YOU LOVE DA BOYZ AS MUCH AS ME! YAAAAAAAAAAYYY FOLLOW !!!
I don't like Jordans. I'm good. Or Vans.
Great Sunday afternoon listening to/watching LIFE: A Journey Through Time with music by Philip Glass
dang there's a marathon?! Super jealous
<3 how you sampled Fresh Prince in Bartholomew
theres nothing wrong with taylor swift hahaha i just went to see her
nice mustache.
i like diet soda better than regular. but that's just me.
ahah now were ripppin straight blunts instead
Enjoying a #beautiful night with my family. :)
i know right? I think it's impossible, cause they're so AMZAING! :D
• My opinion doesn't affect the Brewers, MLB, or baseball. It doesn't cause global warming or cancer. Doesn't matter.
Got to get back on a track.... I'm so tierd of waiting for studio...
Always restless.
i want to know why you said that last night ? cause i believed it .
Nissan's Green LEAF Explores the Urban Jungle on Earth Day 2012 - ReadMedia (press release)
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine
6 a.m. at the office. New record. Love those international phone calls.
Ah! I meant DD2!!!
Check out GinaArt.org for great contemporary art at prices for every budget.
Thanks to our great panelists, co-sponsors, and all in attendance! #wawomenwant has been a huge success!
My shoulder is breaking out...-___-
if u go to YouTube and search timbers Tetris there are a few vids!
Thanks for the plug Megan. We've got some new info on #attendance and #prek coming soon in our next newsletter.
where to this week Mr. Reilly? Addis Ababa?
omg yaaayay you should have a random meet and greet while your here! we miss you so much here in NY! <33
New Barnet Courtyard Offers Space for Art and Respite
We have more friends on TV tonight! You can watch Jennifer Hall aka Penny from UnLEASHED in UP ALL NIGHT on NBC at 8pm.
it gives such good insight!!! The things the tours won't mention...
Love the new She & Him Christmas album!
If marathon runners train to be competitive, that means you have to take same methods to apply them to your career. Research & practice!
Go CAVS! Casspi looks nasty. Wonder if Mike Brown misses bitter winters?
Ortega products??? That is fitting.
with KelliDunnn <3 Makes my day so much brighter :)
RT : Congrats to on making it to Nationals for the second straight year!
where've u ben ?
“: If YOU could tell the team ONE thing, it would be ___________.”don't give up the ship
The weather's getting better by the hour, I hope it rains there all the time.
Well that's fucking AWESOME! No need to cus though. Cusing is bad for the soul.
WOW! that bus didn't even beep-
don't be so hard on jimmy!
I think we replaced your replacement?
Ok Thanks
Anytime! The idea is that GETs are safe and idempotent and POSTs are not.
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." ~Henry David Thoreau (via )
Getting excited about a fun week of food, family, friends and giving thanks!!
Wow go all day in a house with no service then as soon as i get home i get 9 texts i feel loved
It's a sad day, one of the great sax player past on. I guess God needed a sax player for his R & R band. You will be missed by all. RIP:-(
Lol i can give u sum of mines its the big bottle.
Greatly enjoyed teaching #CyberPRMTSU yesterday! Great questions and even gave me a lot to think about. Thanks
Who else thought that Jos A. Bank was an actual bank at first? Lol
Im tired of the people i love treating of like shit..
Pondering photo booth props for TC Disrupt NYC...any ideas? The more creative, the better.
How many more #Brewers will be HBP before this series is over!
What a great time last night at the Federal Affair, so many great players out supporting music.
I love u so much I live right near Washington dc come by haha guess Wat my moms bday is on Christmas always will b fan love u
Isn't our family famous for knitting? I have three scarves that are half done in the closet. They have been half done for 7 years.
I'll be in the RF bleachers on Saturday.
going to get my hair done!
haha GO TO SLEEP (:
Early bird rate for SMILEcon in Dallas ends Sept 10th. www.theSMILEConference.com
Awesome, well hopefully, it helps you sleep... but you should run more anyways, it's good for ya!
awesome! Great job!
things are good. How was your weekend?
Reminder: Early-bird discount for the May 8 #sentiment symposium ends today!
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expect a bitch to do everything , square ass
ah!! Thanks!
I think we should be rooting for the Mavs to win tonight...in 12 OTs.
“: I'm just a summer girl ☀” oh. cool.
I sure am hungry. Resisting the urge to buy food at the airport.
Colder Weather - Zac Brown Band
have we learned nothing from the Geico commercials? Cave men are people too!
Drinking my green juice from my coors plastic cup for breakfast.
no respect is what it is
I think they shouldn't have spring training...
Oh! That's bull! Me n killed y'all!
Thanks! You should check out some updates we just posted to the site. ;)
i did!!!! but we only stayed till about 11:15 anyways
Job fair coming up soon for a ATL office. Stay tuned!
Off to get library cards in Highgate and Kentish. We love Highgate Library Day is 5 March
not gunna say i dnt like it wen ppl holla@ me Wat woman dnt? But ill ask u2 respect my marriage &keep the convo decent...
i was using txt. did u get my msg about ur song i wonder and its impact on my life?
Hope you're feeling better and back on the field in no time!
Never apologize for being positive! Fingers crossed and good vibes being sent your way!
I'd love to work with you. My work is mostly commercial and I have installations on the West coast.
Nearing completion of the movie adaptation synopsis.
Traffic signal problems in Minneapolis. noticing delays? Email
Made my morning to see u!! RT delightful monday morning ...got to feel 's baby move!
It feels so early...
NO! It is going to be me and Maddy and Jade! NO KAYLA! :P
Obama and Clinton off to Cartagena gabfest - Washington Post (blog)
it's actually hurting my eyes! Lol
Scallop n shrimp Skewers with a special sauce... Its gonna be good!
Best offensive inning of #Brewers #postseason history?
THE MEN at Mississippi Studios, 6/23. Fuck yeah.
Left hand, right hand, it doesn't matter. I'm amphibious- Charles Shackleford
Refer Somebody and receive a $50 discount on your next AD!!
Just know no one can take your place<3
Awesome Mother Daughter date, now off too bed!!! Goodnight ya'll!!!!
Add me on Facebook, and like my Facebook page!
I'm ina silly mood today =P
Last Day to Like us on Facebook (SBXThe125) & post where you would go in SD with $50 of gas in your tank and win a $50 gas card!
Too early to tell w/o seeing whole plan. But can I call Rams the LA frontrunners now that I'm a columnist? Guess I just did.
Good luck with your phone interviews #JMS581! I was in ur shoes-trust me, you'll survive...but it sure ain't easy : ) Don't get discouraged!
“: I love things about her but I don't love her.” love this song ❤
New Background <3
Right now I'm working from microfilm copy though, so a look at the original should solve it, thankfully
Oops! Accidentally approved someone who's been spamming me with job opportunities on LinkedIn.
A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring.. And masturbation.
o thats cool, whats the theme if there is and whats the color of ur dress, im mad im asking all these questions lol
ugh i can't even like why do i not have jack barakat like in my house right now? This is a legit logical question thoo.
Seeing starting #optometrist base salaries around $90k + productivity bonus. Need productivity if they want bonus to pay off their loans.
Happy Birthday to today! Hope to see you and get a hug- have a great day.
ADAAA - the "assume disability and attempt to accommodate" act not Americans with disabilities act amendment act.
[jack gilbert] the first fist, the thirst
*16 and pregnant
I heard the 'National Lampoons Vacation' remake just got the green light. Knock it off, Hollywood! Quit ruining these film's legacies.
Yay! I think I finally convinced the people in my household to get rid of cable television!
Fuck, I second that motion (for myself of course). If only I could afford such a thing!
That was well done. Wakefield to Mirabelli.
that's cause I love that picture of you three!
The Best Diabetes Treatment « cre8tive M.V.
im sad that the first election i get to vote in is such a boring election. Z at both candidates 😒
ha! I like that! thats my new slogan!
I don't care Booboo I just miss you so much u.u
Any Super Bowl plans? or forgetting they're even on
Just saw a homeless man with a sign saying "hungry & ugly." Makes me sad :(
oh yeah..... AC bills off the charts.
From the "Far Right Conservative New Language" 1) Kenya: an island in the Hawaiian chain where President Obama was born.
I love camping. Like you I can't get to everything to participate and talk as much as I'd like to...
SPIT YOU OUT!
If the Devils stay out of the box, they win this game easily.
running my 6th half-marathon this year! Shooting for under 2 hours this time.
Your very welcome ! We are so ready to learn and meet everyone
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
#thatawkwardmoment when the person KNOWS they deciphered something wrong but play it off as if they are right ...lol =P
take your charger
Another great time at WMSE #rockabillychili! Favs: Stubby's,Wicked Hop, Molly Cools, Jake's Deli, & Palomino/Attebury.
My mommy is the best cooking me a separate dinner cause I'm a princess 👑🎀
Definitely! What time? Any layover?
I love you.
EBGamesAus Demon's Souls for greatest PS3 game of all time. Until Shadow of the Colossus HD is released that is.
Bout to step into this pass life regression session...let us see
excited about the Spurs game tonight!
Haha ok... But you should pull for them everyday because they're so good! And Kinsler is so cute!
I just realized its thursday. Thought it was friday
Im securing a TV show for fall, a group of industrials here in Chi, and trying to finalize a few partnerships.
Tell your fave joke & win 2 tickets 2 our show Oct. 8 @ The Box! Can be original, off a popsicle or a fave comedian's! Submit by 2 tomorrow!
Piano bar-ing with and the Acrees lol
I absolutely do have the best girlfriend EVER!!!!:)<3
ARE YOU AWAKE? Did Chanel crash in your room last night?!?
feelin good. rehearsal later.
I am a huge Train fan. Even the new album and its mainstream sound...I can't not support them!
Can"t wait for the Club T tomorrow night at Red Rock
Like how Colts war room ppl act like NASA landing on the moon. High fiving eachother for picking Andrew Luck
I'm seein you in less Than 2 MONTHS, I am #SOEXCITED :D
This game is turn up!
Yum! Thanks for the tasty Mexican Hot Chocolate Brownies yesterday! It was nice meeting you guys!
why u sad??
Tebow!! this is the first time that ive been on and you've been on, haha its kinda cool :), God Bless, your a really great guy :)
Bagel and a banana cream yoplait light yogurt :) yum
Thanks for stopping by #LocalLoveEvent !!!
Fuck Bitches Get Money .
Going to sleep,
Took new company phote today for our catalog. My ugly mug is going out to 400000 businesses nationwide!
Mind blown and stomach on the verge of exploding after Adventure Time marathon/feast at Alamo... And now back to Cine Las Americas...
Thanks JAzmin for following us :D xoxo
Running through my apartment dancing and singing to
Titanic exhibit, Shark Reef, Bellagio fountains, were kinda cool. The real highlight of the day was a woman answering her phone, "Annyong".
SHRED SOME GNARRRRR
Thanks to Cody Simpson for following me. #ohWait he hasn't :(
rip late starts on wednesday.
RT : #ideas2action udemy: ascribes to gates idea that soon all best lectures will be online & free.
Just realized that I forgot to call my Grandma on her birthday. Want to cry :( She is THE BEST!!
Nice! How was the fairgrounds and ?
thank! :D
Dr going to retest in 6 mos- then poss. food challenge
SORRY but Elise does NOT belong in the bottom 3. No way. She's probably one of the most unique ones there. Glad Skylar made it though!
Everyone follow this girl ----> She works her ace off and her parents own a fantastic winery Check it yo!
Melo is too clutch
RT : I'm excited to photograph this event! “: SELECT 2012 opens tomorrow! Saturday, February 11 6-8pm! FREE!...
hahhhaha hey I just met you and this is crazy but call me maybe
Do you remember being surprised when I didn't want to keep going to swim meets after you aged out? :-)
Just heard your name previewed on 1250. Best of luck on there sir!
good I'm at school already
the town is in hiatus cuz im here and not you
Utah (for quite some time) was a hub for aerospace and aeronautics - military. So lots of technical expertise and engineering
For the first time in a long, long, long time, our benches outside are visible! However, it appears the plow got one of the arms.
If nobody is making a SpaceChem MMORPG, I shall despair utterly.
This morning I saw a #Christmas gift sitting on my desk from the Boss. Needless to say it was a Leatherman. I am now ready for anything!
Omg dude is having heated argument with wife about infidelity via phone on bus.
#FF Lucky to have amazing colleagues as part of my PLN:
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 36
I wish my freaking laptop worked
Well I was born in the sign of water & its there that I feel my best. The albatross & whales they R my brothers. Time 4 a Cool Change
west coast pals-don't miss out on sunday's annular eclipse! and don't look right at it without eye protection!!
Happy Saints Day .... www.worldchampionfans.com GET YOUR BANNER TODAY!
we deliver #sushi right to your door.
McKenna's Timewave said nothing about the world ending, nor did the Mayans. Hollywood did.
Nice dinner with Daniel Coulon of Beaurenard last night at La Mere Germain; now off to taste some more CDP.
yah I fell asleep last night
feels like you dnt really wanna wake up tomorrow morning lol so u say that to motivate urself lol
A true adventurer goes forth aimless and uncalculating to meet and greet unknown fate
jakeeey i like cake! FOLLOW ME AYE?
Ugh headache! 😣
Not in them heels! :D
I saw a kid who looked like Nick Mara yesterday.
Watching the shuttle launch online makes me even more excited to attend the #NASATweetup next month!
Call it the same way that you call it the first 10 seconds. Hope they meet them in #NCAA Tourney.
Join us! -MT : Tomorrow's #CrawfishMambo Cook-Off has been relocated inside the Cove! Close to parking,far from the elements!
ok ok FB bought Instagram soo wat? i dnt get y its a big deal
Who cares? Your opinion matters less than mine..
At Serb Hall to hear Vinehout, Barrett, Falk and LaFollette tell me why I should vote for them. Starts at 6:30!
La Dispute is such an inspiration.
New Orleans this one is for you H-Town stand up
Gotta say this #broncos #patriots mash up is making for a pretty riveting game. It's only 1st quarter!
Burress possibly to the #RAIDERS? Damn that be nice.
Can I get that shirt though?
#Howaboutwe cut the bullshit and stop acting like we really give a damn :))
If you want a new entertainment and sports complex in Sacramento RT this!
Angel just had her baby! Omg I luv him already!!!!♥♥♥
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
The development environment looks very clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additionals SKILLS. dmp
Can u send me another link? I can't see it :(
Yep. There was bipartisan opposition to Bernie Sander's proposal that would have simply raised the cap to fix SS.
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A JJUSTIN BIEBER VALENTINE FAN VIDEO? TWEET MEE
She is a scary cat she ran
Every #soccer team has'em. THE MIND READER: Will announce to her team that the player playing against her is a b*tch based solely on looks.
Made me think of Titanic
me too. Worrying about too many things.
or you can shop on line at jcwesternwear.com
Who's going out for Draft fun tonight?
Flat Tires are dumb.
I'm really angry my Twitter was suspended...
Hate morning classes
Dear Coastal San Diego resident , we have no sympathy :P
We fought hard Avon.
my favorite note of the weekend. Miss u guys.
I missed this. Chris Brown for worst lip syncing performance, right?
I've never seen you mad. How do you do it? BTW, do u know any engineers who are in need of a career? We have positions open
“Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.” ~ Henry Louis Mencken
i need you, like a bird needs his feathers. if there's some one better, i still haven't found her yet.
We have a new server ready - vpn-in85 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York, NY. It's available in your customer area now.
doesnt Laviolette deserve blame for Pitting Lilja on ice after his game 1 blunder?
hysterical bachelor link. Ha !
": #WeirdFactAboutMe If I had the time, I would change my dorm room around every week." This makes me happy (:
Thanks for this weekend. It's only Saturday and it's been lovely.
life in the fast lane
being authentic RT : RT Be memorable by walking your talk.
oh that sucks, I'm headed back from LA's gray/brown cold haze, was hoping for some sunshine in #Miami :/
no suit, but the man does fill out a button down shirt.
Oh, yum!
have you seen lately? He had a crazy hot chick last time I saw him...
Ever suffer a sex injury?
u wanna go?
is excited to see what this new year brings...hopefully lots of good things! :)
I'm sorry
Why We Can't Farm Out the Teaching of Writing - Chronicle of Higher Education (subscription)
Morton: Biosphere as an ocean of anxiety where objects bob up and down.
Smh I gotta stop talking bout eating pussy in the rhymes
RT : ehh thats not a terrible idea but thats like having two melos but then we would be forced to draft 4's
yes girl I've got to
im hungry loll peace bbl:)
hey guys please spread the word about this page please<33
we have a jealous #lawlorff over here because of Sophia. may have a tiny crush on you.. ahaha :)
DJ Lance is my boyfriend.
well haha just felt like tweeting you Good night!
Call Cascade Florists for that Late-In-The-Day Gift Delivery or Last-Minute-Boutiques! 1-866-767-3247
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I've been thinking bout going to church lately
Chloe what's your skype name???
FUNNY YOU SHOULD ASK! Get 1/2 off your appetizer or entree every third time you check in and free drinks for the mayor!
go vig or go home
Got my new phone:D
hey good luck!! I remember my first quilt.. and it is still my favorite...
I think you're going to get a lot of guys signing up for next weeks class after posting this picture! :)
Iowa State won!!!!!!
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Woah guys!!! Lunch with my cousin N my grandfathers in the house. Today's lunch: Pasta, beef, tomatoes and grape juice.
word. I tried packaging Bernard Scott as well but a different guy has him & he is being super difficult, wants way too much.
how though ;o....you one lucky gurl</3 i woudl really wanna be you</3
Right?! My god...fans these days.
I think i Decided where I'm going to school next year.
She's young. Give it time.
Ew, this guy outside is walking barefoot and his feet are all black O.e
Thanks 4 following me! Do you have a bakery of your won? I am looking for an Artisan Bakery to feature in a future article
Living and loving life... Blessed.
wondering if , and I could entice you to a hike one of these days?
“: Tony Shaloub?” yeah that's the guy
The Vikings weren't the only thing to collapse in the Metrodome this year.
“: how many times must we play the same damn song on the radio??? We nee to take the radio over!” Let's Occupy the Radio!!!
(i just said that by accident HA)
go to extra time podcast 30th April min 59
Spent 4th of July visiting my dad in the hospital. Cancer sucks!!
Lovely... Impact on Financial markets?
#Rangers acquisition in simple math: (Wilson/douche-factor)^Lee = Yu
Hey #Flyers fans we don't celebrate regular season wins, we celebrate playoff wins AND Stanley Cups.
If I go to your Tweet stream, I can see all your posts, except the direct messages.
#InCaseYoudidntKnow I wish dead people had visiting hour.
omg. You're one of those crazy people. And theres no point in trying to reason with crazy
Brewers beat the Cubs again.
hey make don't you have some yard work to be doing?! You light skinned shit rat!
Im in the kwik-e-mart hahahaha
every art project I do I always use ur name in it ha :] #just.Thought.You.Shuld.Know !!
unless there are trusted independent location escrow services - ala FireEagle
nice, i think you'll kill it there, btw i really liked that Basquiat portrait of yours
Got it :) : An asskisser with no point of view #PeoplePleaser lol
#SwaggyB doesn't believe in Oz but does!
Not block, more like remove inappropriate pictures.
My nephew visited me last week, I had a blast with him..Miss him!! Its good to have kids around!!! It brings out the child in you!
there is no end to how much I love erasing things from my to-do list
Bring back the Whalers!!!!I agree 100%
RT guys ;please help us trend #BYEonRadio :))
sipping on some stuff
LA bus drivers use two speeds when driving and two speeds only. Way Too Fucking Fast or Entirely Too Goddamn Slow.
my mom is doing it now and has lost 24 lbs! its the only thing that's worked for her, so i figured i'd give it a try
Me no speak english
Check out our Video and give us a vote"God's Anointed Soldiers",, for do the Jingle
Thank You --> Mindfire is the SABRE Awards PR Product of the Year?! Big congrats, !
Also went to a Nashville AFof M meeting this week. Really love what Pres Pomeroy & VP Krampf are doing for musicians.
Writing the pages of history, this page.... Denver, p.s. u guys ROCK!
We’ll be at the Yelm Home and Garden Show April 28-29! Come and say hello if you’re in the area?
Just peed in a field with Angela
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
BBQ's does and don'ts. Cinco De Mayo Celebration and who will be headlining. Fun things to do in Denver in May.
Surly Abrasive is back...online and in the store
#ThoughtsAtWalmart Walmart is wack! Target is soo much better!!!!!
Record late snow to spring fever! RT : How's everyone diggin' the 60s today? My car showed 69 on 217 near Tigard.
yeah, that's what I'm thinking.. but if it's really him I'm totally skipping!!
bum man boogie
Order TonyTat Art, prints, posters, customized Art? Check out samples on TonyTAT Custom Art design page on FB. tonytat8789 for orders.
Now thats for sure RT disagree. White pants on the other hand lol
I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON!
Haha i still have 3 more years!
Thanks a lot Kim. Hope you are well.
Hey ! If you love SOCIAL NETWORKING like FACEBOOK and TWITTER try Mr. Info's Social Network at mrinfoguide.socialgo.com
LOL! I was just loud at the spa thanks to you;) (Ross' quiet hands)
BOOM! It's gonna be HUGE! Tell all your friends!!
We I'm waiting YEAH
Please Help me to have more followers !!
Whenever life has you down, check out Missed Connections on craigslist and think, "At least I'm not at this point in my life yet."
am i in love.? or is this a crush like the one's in kindergarten.? :D
I care for special needs men. 6 super heros singing loudly to ur Live NYC DVD last night. Life is good! Thanks for the joy!
The Pirates! Band of Misfits opens this wknd. For local theatres & showtimes text PIRATE & your ZIP CODE to 43549. No charge to text
Check out the latest InterActivity 2012 Concurrent Session Teasers on ACM's Facebook page!
I can finally move on when my heart finally understands, that yesterday remains yesterday & it will never be the same again.
When I'm bored people never text me or they take forever to reply but when I'm busy people text me and reply right away.. -__-
Nothing wrong with being a skeptic. Shouldn't simply use a tool because it's there.
RT : & – be sure to check out the success stories of companies that benefited from the 35% advantage....
wow no one follows me so i'm tlaking to myself.
cholesterol? High blood pressure? Not good for these people...but looks delish I must admit
Damn, watchin the #Badgers win got me stoked for Indianapolis
oh ok
give me back my phone, or you'll never see your computer again.
The KUIK Auction has started log on and start bidding. Support radio you love. bit.ly/9Wn1ps
: almost #5Minutes until the #BOYFRIENDvideo premieres - get ready LEGGO
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Not enough edge, or just right?
Same with Outkast - Funky Ride
I have just invented a pass that is way to complicated. It is overkill, and awesome. I will be adding it to my book.
i think it would behoove occupiers to hold some sort of vigil for the victims.
Good first inning for Pettitte! Now let's give him some run support!
Open Jam tonight starting @ 10pm...great drink specials all night!!! Call ahead to get on the JAM LIST.
Know of any #emac students (especially grads) doing interesting things on the outside? We want to know!
"Racial profiling is unAmerican and counterproductive in keeping us safe" (D-MD)
Rereading Asimov's "Foundation." I forgot how good it is. A bit dated. Everyone smokes, for example, but still a great story.
Happy Good Friday everyone!
Google translate doesn't do latin for crap
Personality marketing is the latest trend in branding in an era of information overload, virtual relationships & ADD
Lets get #Solisten to play on in NEWYORK!
I find it funny how #oomf is talking shit about pregnant women..when it was a pregnant woman tht brought his stank ass into this world
Hey, uh...neighbor? Your alarm is going off. It's midnight. And I'm trying to sleep. Think you can do something about that?
Hillis is my homeboy.
whats good my man? Did you call last night? I got an unfamiliar number. In any case how you doing bro?
which burger is that? Doesn't look like a sticky monkey?
*cough* racist RT Whats this the "white guilt" segment?
Excited and humbled to be in this show. Please help to make it see the light of day. Spread the word! Thanks so much.
Rediscovering my obsession with Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" album. #np "You Know I'm No Good"
Lucky those made it to Nobel Prize! How many died before they even get there due to manipulation of "invisible sensors & Qigong?"
oh shit! I remember that haha I personally favored ninja turtles
What did we miss?
No tweets from how will I know how the ranger really are doing
I have a wedding this weekend lol.
Big Dog! RT : First day at Chrysler... We in the money... Lol
Check outvthe 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com ! Share a laugh, feel inspired, leave some love! :)
Worst night of my life! My car broke down in the middle of nowhere nd my fone was dead fml!
Next stop... Dunkin donuts.
I love you Niall
Fortune comes in by a merry gate.
May have had something to do with my instructor =) Enjoy Colorado!
Aw Thanks Lady!!
conscious beings
Wade throwing batting practice
Twitter should have a claws fur dealing with bad cat puns. I Manxious enough already.
Happy Year of the Dragon Everyone!
I saw them last night at the Share This Party- were amazing!
"TUFF" loss for the Coyotes.
Excited to her #socialmedia insights from Michael Stelzner of Definitely my fav social media resource.
GM, lemme know how that works for you
Ma goes to her purse, pulls out a camera for the babe, and a red bull for dad
I've never driven one of those, but I bet I could have a ton of fun with one at the Mid-Ohio racetrack. :D
Ever wondered why the people on those TV makeover shows never seem to get dirty on the job site? Me too...
omg Austin is so cute when he sleeps!!!!
yep. and then I took it down 2 hours later. I'm a bit more trusting than most. :)
My phonebill is going to be insane this month
A little girl just screamed "you're pretty!!" at me
yo man DM me your info. forgot to get it.
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
People in #Chicago: do not ride in cab #912, he would not pick me and Charlie (dog) up today and take us to his vet appointment.
favorite bball shoe of all time?
oh nice!
haha pretty sure you know as much as I do about what it take. You just got to do it!
No problem! Good luck tomorrow!
Oh why the loss of followers :(
very cool
grew up here came back for the weekend to visit friends. Hope you're enjoying my hometown!
Check out the new video teaser for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough. www.radiantrecords.com
lol too funny
Showing some support from Gambino and Darichboyz Urocktour success here we come time to "Travel the world"
WTF is #pennhillslies TT for? I live in Penn HIlls. IT SUCKS! Funny to see it trending though!
Want to learn to change oil on my car. 1) It would save $$$, and 2) it would give me something interesting to say on twitter afterward...
& I LOVE YOU
Together we are Giant ...
so good to see you too sir! :)
your welcome:) haha
If you have a holiday event coming up & need a DJ, get in touch with He's awesome!
brand new???
Can't wait for BUZZOV-EN on Feb 15! It's been many years Richmond. The RETURN OF BUZZOV-EN on FEb 15
not a damn thing is going on i am so very bored right now ..
awesome! We're already starting to think about next year.
Job hunting <
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.”
I've put in a few DISH Network satellite systems in Mariposa. It's a beautifully designed community! - New Mexico Satellite Man.
NO Davy Jones!!! :'( RIP Davy Jones
im still looking for another music video to do in june. so far I only have one and I need at least 2 more.
Not sure I understand correctly... Are you looking for a designer or are you a designer looking for work?
that's good:)
I remember when people liked music for music.when it was real and based on their life. What happened to all that
Typical Wednesday night: full up on veggie pho for dinner and now sipping Malbec and reviewing a manuscript at Aster in B-lard.
Love McAdoo's game.
Go figure - MT : What happens among individuals with mandatory mail offered a retail 90 alternative? Most preferred mail.
i wanna write a song ... a song that's good.
IM GOOD IM JUST ANNOYED ABOUT TRAFFIC SIFAJJSODKDIFJS HOW ARE YOU
So ... now that you are home are you back in the present? I know what's going to happen to u in 2 hrs because I'm in the future :P
"I don't like you I just think you're hot and I check your Facebook 30 times a day" lololol what kids in my school tell me
Oh my gosh I cant see like anything without my glasses. I have the worst vision ever.
I now realize where I get my dangerous ass driving skills from.
Today's Soups: Cream of Spinach, Chicken Dumpling, & Chili
hell yeah we are
idk. I'm not on senior board.
#TheWalkingDead continues to make strides, but Lori has got to be the dumbest f'ing character in the history of TV.
We're Skyping with 's mama and grandma. It might be the funniest video chat ever. His grandma is Betty White 2.0.
Everyone wish a happy birthday! And if you're not following her, do so, thank me later.
I'm so serious when I say "WHO WANTS TO MAKE 1,000 DOLLARS A WEEK FROM HOME, NO SELLING"...its my job to make sure you actually do it
Couldn't agree more, if there is no website, I think twice about going there.
When a girl follows you It means she wants you for sex right?
Thanks for the RT!
Good seeing you again. Kyle did very well in the studio session. Definitely seems eager to take up the banner and run with it.
Four more days for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies at #Burgerville! Hope everyone is enjoying the sun!
please follow mei love yu so much <3 <3 please i love Glee and i love Quinn <3 please follow me
Hey, #musesocial gang, what do you think of art museums on tumblr? On pinterest? Should we be there? If so, what should we be doing?
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : ) TYTY
Very proud of you baby girl! Your word is everything. RT~ “: I'm just a kid but I know how important it is 2 keep ur word.”
sex..y
Today will be the death of me. Especially next period
Kid today in my PE class tried to tell me my were terrible. So I hit em with a dodegball. #playoffs #gospursgo don't wry he's ok lol
Oprah has more than 10m so maybe that's what it will require to reach true bliss.
Send lawyers, guns and money. Dad, get me out of this.
So, optical fiber is better, faster and more flexible than traditional copper
College life is keeping me busy!
awesome hand shake but an even better good bye! Head up shawty I will greatly miss you! We only gonna create more memories!
i agree
I don't know how anyone else feels about it, but I think if RG3 really wants to be the face of the Redskins he really needs to cut his hair.
Just followed a person back..
RT : Our #FF in #Leadership are and Grateful!
Found a secrete compartment in my car today. Now, what to put in there...
#BOL see! I no where u live lol
Rediscovering a lot of things I forgot.
AH! BEST FRIDAY THE 13th EVER!!!!!
don't think that exist seis de mayo is today
Just kidding,scared of bovine beasts!!! Too big!!!
New season of Project Runway starts in 2 hours and 20 minutes!
with who
Had fun 2day with my bestfriend n her friend friend... lol
Opposition testimony to HB 1228 mainly focused on generalities not on actual opposition to bill language.
U can take #NewEngland out of that tweet.
Order sent to Rodeo in TX!
#cnnnye Happy New year from Chardon, Ohio! Kathy Griffin is such a randy little mynx...
Around family for holidays now I can say I've seen my grandfather drunk...
Blue Ivy huh? ... Blue Steel!
What's going on with the site?
Time to make some homemade pizza and watch a movie
If I had your love, I'd be happy :)
Just listened to "The Barefoot Executive" EXCELLENT! Will buy the bound edition soon... very soon.
Back in town!!! Anybody need to buy a home??
yall still on the road ?
That was fascinating. Thanks for sharing.
I know! We actually joked about finding one to attend! LOL!
The need for someone to sit down everyone involved and say "Look assholes, here's how it's gonna be"?
Aint really had a great day!! Food wasnt great and y girl just accused me of having a hicky!! WTF
May you have a wonderful Good Friday. See you tonight at 7pm for a service that will prepare you well for Easter.
trying so hard to be patient for the #SoListen video, and #paradise. But HUUURRRRYYY!!!
omg i'm your 22 follower :)
NAB NAB NAB NAB
$10 Target GiftCard w/ Purchase of $50 or More (Printable Coupon) via
Good morning! Lucky day.
I made a small deposit on cake poker and now find out there is no way to cash out. Min. $500 for check. Cant use other. This true?
- that's totally inspired. :)
but let's invent "Wine with Friends' - much more fun! Plus, it might be harder to get thrown off your flight (or easier).
The office got weird
Thank you! I've been looking forward it since last Christmas, it was snowing as I sipped the delicious wine~new tradition ;)
On this day in 1789, George Washington was inaugurated as the first president of the United States.
What's got you up late? Or maybe it's early where you are...
Catching up on the #DowntonPBS finale. Maggie Smith's "Do you promise?" to Carlisle is just perfect.
your phones broken awesome but now I got to listen to you complain about it for 50 min
hey there are some real assholes out there everyone! Stay cautious.
Finally accepted that you're a nice boy.
that's great!! I just left there.. Trying to get the bicoastal thang happening mayb I can get some advice on the scene
thanks for lunch and the sangria!!!
Hey Interview me, just because.
Congrats on your BEST ACTOR award at the #barebonesfilmfestival!
when ii meet justin im gonna be like your shoes untied, make him bend down AND SMACK HIS BUTT ;)
Something tells me you don't need to worry about the gym.
Twix ice cream bar is far superior to Snickers.
that shark was crazy scary/damn no more body boarding for me.
get faded just like a flat top
can't see the total!
Have you heard? We're on 90.1 WFYI. Listen in and when you hear our name, tweet about it!
- What's your favorite drink/bar in Chicago? We'll send you a $1 drink, but we're certain you'll want to send some too. JMo anyone?
Do you have a blog or somewhere else online where you write?
why ppl keep challenging you man you gots the energy pimpin keep it goin cant wait to see u blowing up
Is crab legs an option? Because I would order a lot of crab legs
I asked my mom if she would cry if I get married, she said "No, I would cry if you get a job."
revoke access to twitter from any outside apps, that might help
Happy Birthday Jeffrey! Hope you have an excellent day sir!
This is belated, but big props to Jesus for not shamelessly begging for retweets on his birthday.
#pr20chat Thanks for a great chat, everyone! If you want to be added to one of my Twitter lists or connect with me on LinkedIn, dm
who's we? Lol
Does your perception match the reality?
It's my mom's birthday today. She is the best. :)
Feeling like a zombie!
you racist fuck
I once slapped a bitch cause' she wouldn't show me her tits.
not sure if serious...
Late to the party on this Black Dice album, but... DAMN
How was your day Doni? By the way Happy Mothers Day(:
Nervous laughter happens, but try not to have it happen while discussing the Nazis
if double-standards are fun, I am having the time of my life.
No water = no pizza, and that makes us sad. We'll be opening at 4 once it gets turned back on. Thanks for all the advance notice, DCWater.
You two crack me up... pies & baseball.... Good old fashioned banter??!!
Did you see that sick layup by Galo!!?
YES!!!! RT : Shout out to Miss Jackson Looking Fresher than a Mofo..at 45!!
.'s looking pretty good this year. The only artist missing on the line up is soundtribe.
#thingsthatpissmeoff everything on tv is a fuckin reality tv show no dance show or a singing contest !! i miss tv shows i miss funnie
"For where your treasure is, there also will your heart be." Matthew 6:21
watch the notebook
Holy balls. Freaking out now guys.
Pius XI is entering the Woodland in 2012-13 for all sports. Muskego takes Pius XI's spot in the Classic Eight.
Hot sub getting engaged is probably the worst thing to happen to every single boy in HF
I know, right? Haha! Oh, well ... duct tape IS silver! :D
Congrats Michael. Great things happen to great people. You've earned it. Michael Coe=SB Champ
yes. Minus the tree delivery. (it was too heavy for Tree Baltimore to deliver). Oh well. Onward with the shrubs.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Congrats to my Nephew Cody Patterson signed letter of intent to play football at College of the Redwoods.
This Friday at 7pm my trio is at Somethin' Jazz 212 E52nd St, NYC with Marcos Varella- Bass & Bruce Cox-Drums. Swing by and dig live jaz…
Liberty Hill beats CC West Oso 68-51 in a Boys 3A regional semi. Will meet CC Miller in Saturday's final.
also do not go see G-force because i heard it did bad at the movies
Shut the fuck up with all the #2012 stuff, no man knows when the world will end.
Hailing in ffx
#NSD AND AUSTIN DAY!! :)
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
maybe it's your twitter icon
#NowPlaying Chillout Worlds - The Best Of The Extreme (via #chillout)
If Michael Sadler and Lady GaGa did a duet, it'd be called the GaGa Saga.
I'm one of the only people who can cheer my sister up .
Let me know what you're looking for.... Thanks !
Amen to that!!!
#Hawks ticketing staff participating in pictures to come...
He loved her, he trusted her, he made one mistake, he lost her.
I feel like I should watch Labyrinth today in honor of
Who said that?
Had Qdoba's for dinner. So much better then Moe's.
Feeling nervous for all of my loved ones in Arlington! Prayers!
Who travels for love finds a thousand miles not longer than one. Japanese proverbs
Just keep doing what you love and the experience will come:) Lots of hard work but worth it!!
Hahahah, "gets wind" :)
Did you call your mother today?? Happy Mother's Day!
3 papers down. 1 to go.
people who make things awkward <
Just Announced with Father John Misty at July 7th. No priest jokes, please!
Love Doesn’t Need To Be Perfect, It Just Needs To Be True.
Looking for scholarly research on the educational value of storytelling... anyone have a resource to share?
lol ! It's so cute(:
#salty my Michael Jackson shirt messed up...damn
you got it!
Cook-Required for a newly refurbished play area near Newark.Experience of working in a commercial kitchen is essential, you should hold a v…
Who validated your gangsta?
Attending ? Stop by the LJ sponsor table for a chance to win a Nook Color, Kindle 3G or tickets to our #ebksmt!
Insomnia is no joke :(
I can't play around with the spirits.
anything that gives you time to be creative without worrying about $ is great.
so glad you're enjoying!
i wont judge. Ill still sit by you at lunch.
. Think one of you could fix it where I'll get the TV Guide earlier than everyone else?
that's because the internet is made of BACON
Yup! Andrew Prinz + Scott Cortez= bliss RT : astrobrite w/none other than in tow, as well!! must. monitor. breathing
Well, my judgment includes plenty of experience with editing, haha
I am discussing cuts to TANF at a Committee on Human Services hearing going on right now.
shout out to everyone who follows me ! :)
Steel Cur Oatmeal. Takes about 1/2 an hour on the stove but worth it!
Not sure why.. but registrations are closed..for (sighs) What gives?
We now have a corporate office
I know It will take a Xmas miracle for TU to win. Just really want Blankenship to do well.
what type
Damn you had all angles covered tonight! Lol
KNX brings 'On Your Corner' to Anaheim Resort Area on April 20 - OCRegister
Where did January go? Finish the month with our Detox, Twist & Flow Workshop - Sun. Jan. 29 from 1:00pm-3:00pm with Niya.
It looks like Gossip girl episode 19 this season is gona be surprising as much as 2011 is !!!!.
i suppose i definitely don't dislike confrontation. Or double negatives.
My mom thinks I should b stocking shelves at Target. She sees that as a huge step up from writer/producer/editor/director.
happy birthday to me
thank you very much. I appreciate the message.
I must not drink enough water.
Look people, Ron Paul named his kid after his hero, Ayn Rand. This should tell you all you need to know about him.
Happy Friday!
"There are more than 260,000 teachers doing incredible work in this state," Padilla introducing SB 1530 regarding teacher dismissal
for a guy to do
Beautiful Sunday-- beautiful brunch. Happy Easter friends!
Where is your favorite cookies from? We just discover yummiest treasures
Check my background fareal !!! You already know, I Get DOWN!!!
Someone has to have a link to that Tamron Hall clip.
I'll be away for a while!
"You know, being a test pilot isn't always the healthiest business in the world." Alan Shepard, US first man in space on this day in 1961.
Thanks for the RT! Any chance I could get a copy of Endsley's original technical paper? It's NOR DOC 87-83.
haha yeah really
Watercooler OH: Passive-agressive behavior in reality television (cc )
Did the same for Biden whom I met in Baghdad Iraq in 2010 =D
Hope everyone just caught that Aaron Rodgers' E:60 piece. Really happy to call that guy my quarterback.
Ready to wrap up with a great panel, thank you MSLA!
Did you know that a healthy mouth can reduce rheumatoid arthritis pain? See J Perio, Apr 2009. Learn more: www.closys.com/research.html
Tacos for breakfast, HELL YA!(:
love today's blog! :)
I hate evening business meetings. Planning and Zoning. My only hope is that we're first on the agenda or we could be there until 10:00.
"Jane Lee" and "Hiroshi Senju." One or more may have just been books we ganked off Huff's bookshelf.
shit bored out what's up
Or any fee's
Bidding on my #afundforjennie auction is now closed. The final bid: $100.
Branyon with the bases loaded and one out
follow my friend
So excited for with this weekend
now i could've either just sat on my ass and pissed and moaned... (its get tweet limit :/ )
I need to get a free flight to marry my best friends in San Diego
Zombieland. Another awesome movie ;)
is always getting her fitness on! Thanks 4 coming 2 spin class! 😊🚲 She'll get thru that Airforce bootcamp easy! #100%Athlete!
are there any new dunk sb's coming out this month
so many to choose from! Zotero seems to be working for me so far!
So chalmers. Get the last shot. (・へ・)
Innotrac to Present at 2012 Internet Retailer Conference and Exhibition - Sacramento Bee
They can't the data plan expired.
Jus made my new Twitter
Hm. $829. There's the kicker. Of course the one I want is $829. Back to just one of them.
i'm hearing it more than seeing it, but I know Lamar is flooded
May or may not be suffering from a nervous breakdown.
Yes! Or like The Green Mile.
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You................... =]
Good luck Lady Golden Bulls!!!!!
we could have takin you?
07 Hidden Ridge 55% Slope #Cabernet. Sleeper worth searching for. Big nose. Thick mocha, pepper, dark berry, oak. 30 sec finish 93 pts
omr is so freakkin hard #-> now
Love the photo, Dru!
I'm totally going to rt ur number lol
Dinner for Lunch.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
I want to start a heavy metal trio and call it "Threeitnam."
I told Edward I'm having a bikini part,but instead he walks to my house in his underwear!
ready I'm not even gonna open up the link and guess its alcohol. More specifically a Bud light lime??? Am I right?
Everyone have a safe and happy holiday.
Manchester United vs Everton later this morning. We need this win to be one away from #20! FORZA UNITED!!!!!!
Back in town after a nice vacation on Hilton Head Island. Now to catch up on email.... (this may take awhile)
After a night at the Union Terrace and the Greenbush, Erin says "nights like these make me sorry for anyone who doesn't live in Madison"
tell that to Wade Boggs
Potatoes are gonna' potate.
I have my parents to thank for that, those pesky bloodlines :)
boo uptown, yay downtown.
Thank you! Don't forget to #ShineYourDivine with us from time to time!
Mary Louise-Parker, Ving Rhames, & James Woods will be filming #JamesysBoys in #Baltimore starting on March 5th!
#BREAKINGNEWS - FOX 12 is breaking into programming right now with the latest on a three-alarm fire burning at Woodburn High School.
make them one then decide
Lol you're such a loser
Anthony you know that was not nice to beat my team. Glad to see you doing well. Congrats
you better be bringing some of them out west!!
If you an artist of any kind music sculpture whatever after you have established a hometown base You Must TOUR somewhere! Get out Get Going!
deserved every one of the #GRAMMYs won! She's amazing
Watching victorious. CAN I PLEASE GET A FOLLOW BACK?!!! 💗
What's the best way to reach hard-working, lower income earners in Lex? (Want to spread the word about free tax service through 2-1-1.)
Tea time? Quilt time. #hipster #grandmas :)
Building Dashboards for Recon... the joy...
i am going to commit suicide if doesnt follow me!
take note from the Phillipines for dry cracked skin!Use 1/4 cup of ginger, 1/4 cup of limes;chopped finely and rubbed onto problem areas!
So anyone who attends a college athletic event that's open to the public must pass background check? How could tOSU have known?
is the cake for a girl? You could be a gentleman yet!
i am launching an original music site to raise $$ for death row dogs. Will try to come to your fundraiser.
aw! RT : just heard the Met's players are going to have the beastie boys as their walk to the plate...
Also, hope they didn't OH me say to him "Hey, wanna watch season six of Friday Night Lights?"
Did I mention the #Brewers only have one out against the #Cardinals in the 9th? This is not over.
Its funny to hear people in miami talk about getting peyton manning. Bastards
A few more years!
That moment when you realize you've lost your phone
Judge Smyth says he hasn't seen the ad. Prosecutor Leon Schorr says he hasn't seen. Says prosecution not involved in campaign
was nice to RT my post. Wonder if he will ever accept my invite to spend an evening in Cincy? (Smile Doug!)
how was ur sound check r u still sleepy plaza retweet or answer me or follow me
Were you at the Monfort Lecture last night? Trying to CHANGE THE WORLD? Blog about it on MyCSU! E-mail .
tired and tooth hurts. Guess I'll play some more DC Universe.
Searching for new SB party food ideas. Starting w/'s cookbook "Eva's Kitchen". Love the stories + tips + recipes!
RT : Great teachers don't take students to a destination... they give them the tools to get there on their own.
usually critics hating a movie means I will love it. Those who can, act; those who can't become critics
Hello to the new delicious hearts
Makes you wonder if she was an #iubb fan before they were together RT : Please, ESPN, no more shots of Cougar and Meg Ryan.
High of 80 degrees here today!! It's never this warm in March. I love it! :)
#50 Madison definitely:)
Attending creative practice boot camp At the curb center
With the violence story local media had the well founded excuse of fear but now?
$10 stila Exclusive Palettes! I'll be in this weekend!!!!
How's it going twit fam? Hope everyone is having a great week! I know you're probably looking forward to the weekend like us
5 strikeouts in a row? Not very good.
looks awesome friend
Chihuahua hugs. <3
Awww what a cutie!
Don't hit on me while you're with your dad... How does one react to that?
I keep trying to turn off the lights downstairs in my kitchen and living room because it's too bright- can't turn off the sun.
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman.
whitney is not dead! My drummer just bought an 8 ball from her
“: Re-Recording EVERY song for the album! Wooooop!” I can't wait!
Twitter can be confusing sometimes. Like you're back in 6th grade and the only kid not in on the joke.
like why you should win and tell them about urself. they want interesting and yeah stuff like that haha
Omar Infante with The Miami Marlins first home run!!!!!
thanks! Did you spy the damsel can too?
Been a long time. Randomly was in LA last night and caught your show. Great times and music as always. Hope you are well.
working, working and sometimes playing! how about you?
it okay everyone pretty in there own way!!! :-)
I can't remember what song i wanted
Wow! This made it to Nashville. Sweet. Look out, Tennessee, here I come!
So, who's going to win tonight's #SuperBowl ... New York #Giants or New England #Patriots? And what's going to be the score?
nobody's getting sassy
Thanks, it's a lot of fun. You wouldn't believe the amount of insight we get from only working with unscripted business owners.
best advice: watch out! hubris and omniscience are UR greatest weakness. if U always win, C U on the cover of forbes. ; D
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack arrested devolpment!!! That was the best show ever!
It was the most PC name I had in mind, but reviving another blog is good. OK LETS DO THIS! I want to see your post on Tuesday
Oh dear, he better run for cover. I'm going to abuse him. Ha.
is one of the top 8 on #TheVoice tonight!!! I'll post the number up later. Every vote counts!!!
what color should I get my braces next week?(:
hey cutie.
You're welcome!
help!!!!! Get me out of this so call magic city!!!!!
My boys probably know everything about me, so they know exactly what to do to annoy me haha
Getting scooped on a story is the greatest fear in the world of journalism.You will definitely get coverage if competition is introduced.
Thanks John! I really appreciate the kind words and your help spreading the stat.
#FridayReads Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins
I saw the hunger games today it was so good amazing I want to see it again!!!!!!!!!
Almost had to fight a raccoon on my walk home from work.... those things are much bigger than I thought. It may have been able to take me...
Even the sun sets in paradise...
I wanna get super wasted tonight but I get off at 10:30pm. :( FML
The wild thing living in me is crying a little bit. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for know children and the child within us so well.
It's fun to stay at the YCMIU! Hope u have a chance 2 dig u some Secret Skwirl. Bsst & success.
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
lmao me neither
Why is Fox "News" still on the air?
Yoga and Tea... Perfect combo!! Feel so much better afterwards :)
tigers need one right handed middle relief pitcher to be able to go an inning or2? If dotel goes 2, then he is lost 4 tmw.
God Bless Him!!!
where the fuk are you ?
I have a lifetime membership to epicenter (base of cap hill) but haven't gone in eons
wow 91st min disturbed
I just realized Im madly in love itch Natalie portman but I don't know how to tell her
thanks for the mention!
Love that pic!
My hair at night>>>>>
Johnson Publishing (Ebony Mag, Jet) is looking for an experienced #PR pro in Chicago. Reach out with any recommendations...
I'm gonna smile and nod from now on like a bobble head .. Haha cause my brain has gone to mushy mush .. Ever feel like that?
MISTY you rock! My encore career is helping baby boomers adjust 2 new normal/teaching at U of Denver. Retired after 22 yrs @ WMT
Honors class lunch today at the #steakhouse >>>>>>>
Man, the #jazz crowd went so silent, it was as if #Jordan just jayed up #BryanRussell again.
Effin holy week, all I want is some oysters on a half shell, but everywhere I go is too crowded! This doesn't seem like fasting christians.
partners in crime last night. 👊
Thanks for following.
I just hope you fall down some stairs.
I think the world with make more sense to me as soon as I master Spanish.
Capitalism, Socialism & Communism will not work if the people that control them have no morals or high standards. Look who leads now - vote!
Pathetic pathetic pathetic.
Anyway to create a custom #wordpress publication status for a CPT? i.e. "Archive" in addition to Published, Pending Review, & Draft
you make everything fun! Hugs!
I'm sure you could deep-fry it... :)
Awwhh why nott??? :c && please follow me i always ask you but you never do :(
Washin my hair always makes me feel refresh
haha ok will do. Yeah my bro got David Wright on his fantasy team and I thought of you ;) Roberts still hurt?
i gotta go to school. >=(
We're in high school. There's no need to fight over fucking seats...
I already have a job in northern indiana!!!!!!
Thanks for the shout-out. Hope you'll jump into the conversations underway there. :)
Celebrating #bannedbooksweek by finally reading Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Just got my first paycheck since Feb 2010. Whew! THANK YOU #Interview #jobsearch (oh yea and I landed a dream job to boot)
RT : Peyton Manning has not eliminated any teams he he met with - yet. Now comes the Titans today.
Great things have to crash back down at some point, right
Hopefully I don't have any homework.....
yes yes !
End of the second half, USF 0 - 0 RU. Going into overtime. Come on you Bulls!
Constitution Day Observance t Medgar Evers on September 17th. Voter Registration Drive during the day.
Yeah, they've been up to that since 6:15 this morning.
RT : Got in the fall play at LU!! Come see The Last Nights of Ballyhoo October 29- November 12!
Great service tonight. Looking forward to tomorrow am All who gather in the holy place, bless the Lord
It was a real sweaty morning.
Shout out to ..... the halloween party yesterday was a hit
Tune into now for a special on the film festival
That awkward moment when you bother a customer who you thought was a salesperson.
Lol i'm so tired and I have a shit load of stuff to do today.
Is Bristol Cider a reference to a style or just location?
Love your new CD Hullabaloo...can't wait to blast it in traphic I love when heads turn and mouths drop....Tee hee
Good morning!!! Hope you have a great day!
Thank you! Let us know if you have any ideas for board themes.
Rolling in +K' achievement on - it's a fun ride!
time to get classes!
It's sponsored by INCTV, overall controlled by our US Bureau. Executed by District INCTV bureaus w/ collaboration from CFO.
I haattteeeeee making decisions
I am because I'm not watching the Super Bowl next week.
#drank and now #drunk HAPPY #NewYear !!!!!!
Honors English workbook.<<<<< Especially when you can't find the answers online
I wanna win a ticket to the and party at WPPI!
Here We Go Lakers Here We Go!!! I Believe!!!
Happy Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Madison!
Rock shop can't contain the power of BNP. Soon Madison Square Garden. After that...All must bow down to your new BNP Overloards.
ewww you like those??
I know! Miss ya, little brother :) maybe I'll go to LA this summer if you're performing
Omg this resturant is wird and nasty..i want some freaking
hey girlie did you ask yo momma about the bag?
See you all tonight!!!
just got my renewal notices for Tiger Beat and Spin! today!
Head west young man. I'm on my way to Cali.
not falling asleep anytime soon
WHAT IT DO!!! YOU KNOW YOU SHOULD NEVER BURN BRIDGES
Back sippin a Cherry Fat Dog Oatmeal Stout on cask. M
Pure genius RT : Maybe a tattoo on your butt check saying "Ryan Braun was here."
Funny how the third toy story even gets you adults. I felt the same:)
Happy New Year to you too! We're just doing some low-key celebration here.
Today is one those days where the words and feelings can't be expressed! Therefore I must slap a ma'fucka!
Lucky you!
Post your favorite Office Equipment Jokes here! :)
Oh and they are a homophobe.
your interviews with Alan Carr are hilarious! Haha :) x
on KOBE & tryna get the ball from ?? I CANT deal Ima bout 2 cry
I got stuck in my alley but I did make it to work, eventually.
I want some of those Big Bang LeBrons now, but the resale prices are (x_x).
is researching the Wysong optimal feline diet!
You heading to Capital tonight for Common Thread tapping, or Alchemy for KBS?
Last session: Audience Building with , ,
Hey do you have a free moment?
#Corey booker how come the homeless are in penn station station here on #Newark and police don't say nothing and get them out it's annoying
the producers made me!
I have not seen one attractive cheerleader all tourney.
Supreme Court rules Black can file libel cases in Ontario - Toronto Star
you know i watched that video on your youtube page many times to get those lyrics right?
Getting started with Cloud 101 by Great crowd! Are you here? Use #Phorum12 when tweeting. Thanks!
Wish the police could have been more on the ball and set up a dummy home phone # for the zimmerman case
FUCK I'm depressed and tired but my thoughts are eating away at my head so I can't sleep
well have a great nite!
Hate being the only one up in my house I be bored
“: Brian really looking forward to testing the Swingbyte. #greatproduct.” Cheers, Brad!
"Why didn't you answer my phone call?" Oh, sorry I was dancing to the ringtone
There are some very normal and acceptable things that become abnormal and socially unacceptable when done alone; like laughing.
Thank you! Have a lovely day and happy writing. :)
I love you to death <3 #Bella<3
my obsession with #storagewars is completely unhealthy.
just spent the morning listening to Circle K in Mt. Vernon.
Definitely not feelin' being at school today.
: Startup Machine would love to have you come out to next time we're in town!
its just so much better that way, isn't it? :)
Jesus fed 5000 people with one fish. Holy mackerel.
I'm counting! :) RT If anyone's counting, that's 1 run for the new look Miami Marlins in 18 innings of play so far..
Thanks for the mention Pablo. Have a great day!
Waaah I didn't even start on my lab report._.
RT Thanks and everyone who attended for a great reading #Northeastern today!
Panama City "A Place Where Young Adults Get Buck"
What a great compliment. Thanks Kim!
Lol Its ok ....... Not the best I think but alot of other people like it but the song makes me want to dance!
Happens like twice a week anyhow! lol RT : im unfollowing you!!!
It actually means "haver of a seminal nu-metal band."
Listening to President Obama's online live speech at the LGBT reception
thanks! its very homey w/ a lot of character & we're so excited! seems like a great neighborhood. girls night in store pronto!
It's not anyone elses life, but yours...so live it up
I need somebody I can truly Fuk with
Well, it's only taken me...45 minutes to write the intro to this paper I'm writing for my Child Development class. #FML -_-
I need more guy friends. Girls cause so much drama. -_-
true but are Linux users likely to pay 4 games? I'm not sure. Maybe using some kind of freemium model would work
u can talk to her tomorrow tho
kill me.
OT in Lakers-Thunder, Capitals-Bruins. Thank you Lord...
When Leonardo DiCaprio let's go of the door, and sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Headed away for Spring Break? Please remove any trash & perishables before leaving. Be sure to close your windows and lock your doors too!
AW I LOVE YOU GUYS<3 you are seriously too cute
I will take the CPLP in 2011.
bitch, I know.
Anyone know a good SQL DBA?
I wanna go out.. /: Then theres TAKS this week... /:
We JUST left walmart 8/. Fridge was so weak. I think Tab is feeling better now. I was going to settle for soup at first though.
Here we go,,,Wade will win
killed it last night at BITTER END good job
The hubby & I are debating whether "6 Days 7 Nights" is a Christmas movie. Doesn't the opening scene involve Xmas in Manhattan?
Their Some Bad Storms Coming In.
The Lake County Senior Shootout was good until it turnt into a circus!
IDK I just have a gut feeling that they will win a close game tonight
Jimmy Carters in bankers hill. Getting my pacifico and chili relleno on.
i hope:)
great mtg you at the #UAFNYSE event! Very fitting to have a conversation around financial literacy at the
i always think-- when is #apple going to release a TV? It just seems second nature, yes? Their monitors are already huge...
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. God I hate that so much.
i have a song stuck in my head.... so not even a cool song... i hate that
RT : JESUS - are you about that life?
Critics: I'm least concerned with dinosaurs when it comes to a Mallick picture. Unless he would be directing Jurassic Park 4.
Happy Friday!! How's your weekend looking?
Thank god it's Friday :)
I just published my first book and am trying to get the word out! Check out #JulietAnUnpopular!
Is it really the best slice? Never tried it.
I think being a #LakerHater4Life might really pay off with a sense of great accomplishment this year...GO OKLAHOMA, Let's Go up 2games-None!
As an educator/parent/engineer, believes you learn by seeing how things are built, and open source hw supports that.
Tommy Shaw of Styx has a birthday today. Does he remind anyone else of David Spade?
i hope u had fun today of what ever u did
Goat curry at Dwaraka on Hawthorne; I just ate the equivalent in weight of an over-grazed goat. Yummy stuff!
Cinnamon X. Defenestration. :P
-STABS COMPUTER-
43°53′48″N 114°50′25″W - altitude 7,342 feet. Deep powder snow everywhere, sunshine. surrounded by mountains peace, fresh air & clean water
it was all news to us! Sideways calendar for the win!
I just love spending all of my time waiting on your ass. That's all I do. Wait.
Watching #Mavs game on tv on beach in Ft Lauderdale while vacationing. Go Mavs! /cc
"Finally be strong in the Lord, and in His mighty power." ~ Ephesians 6:10
you know you love me c:
Holllllaaaaaaaa!!! Pre-gaming time! RT : Noon time work out is going fuckin HAM :)
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
Where is 41E Studio Cafe? Is that just a name for an existing locale for the show or an actual place?
next to fosters freeze?
Jus did the treadmill for 45 mins i did 2 miles at the speed of 40 at planet fitness I feel so great!!! #36pounds!!!!!!
baring away. ;)
last night was a blast. now going on a run to sweat out this alchy ewwww
oklahomahomerepair.com is live take a look and tell me what you think
Miami is so funny.. No one is actually wearing a bathing suit to the pool party!
I'm going to bed, Bieber fans were just pissing me off 2night being SO rude towards the voice and every1. So immature and petty.
Underworld imax 3d... Wooooww!!! Amazing!! Go watch it
This next session challenges traditional thinking of #circulation: The Shift in Publishers' Revenue Mix taking place in Ziegfield
Do you own one?
Money Saving Tip #61: Buy a smaller house.
Photographing Robert Cohen's office bright and early tomorrow for Overflow Magazine .
How does the vicar explore the Internet?With the church mouse.
Mine is engaging better. I need to take time to do it. RT : What is your biggest Twitter challenge?
need to get outside for a bit
When you come in tomorrow ask for Jeff. Still need to work on getting you a speakeasy membership card.
New Icon<3
Watching life after- jaimee foxworth the little girl from family matters that turned to a pornstar. Her story crazy
Been a while since I stayed at the #hilton, and now waiting 20 mins for one check in in SFO, I guess I know why I've been staying
I really need to stop procrastinating and finish packing.. #ihavewaytomuchstuff 💼👜👙👗👠
NO THE WANTED IS ON THE VOICE
Anyone know how to get a count on the
PS3 Is the shizzzzlee
I know!
cute!!! Green butterfly today! :D you must have some green on you I'm sure :) love it!
If you're struggling to pay all past dues and special assessments on your condo, Nexus Debt Solutions can help. Just call 1-(866)-326-5155
Softball is the best therapist I've ever had in my life. Always makes me feel so much better :)
you love it
Nothing like an ice cold glass of water with lemons after working up a good sweat.
“: Thank you for the Retweet:)" anytime!!
RT : Thanks for the Premium Salad Coupons for all of our guests!!
It's not even refreshing. IMHO.
Sorry #thereisnolove in the capital! it's time for a #revolution!
when they busted the gnome open was the best!
heey! iM the shoulder(:
takes time. This is new regimes third season, draft is the key. Remember the garbage that previous regimes left them with?
Michael's guesses for how many letters are in the alphabet: 36, 32, 28
Lol your bf suck at lying!
In the Beginning, God made the Heaven and Earth. The rest was Made in China.
At the end of the day, this is a job.
Love the new small #apple keyboard w/o a number pad. Provides much better ergonomics for those who mouse a lot!
thanks for the SHOUTOUT
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Yes yes! I really want to go to the movies, kind of miss it.
greatful. blessed. thankful.
Adding #NBALeaguePass on via phone is futile: 15-minute waits, awful music, poor wknd hours. The way to go? Live chat w/
i would never vote for anyone that says they would not defend Israel
“: Please refrain from confusing voters with facts and statistics. #gopmath”
thanks for the "advice" ;)
It was your heart on the line.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? Answer: Smart and remembering 911
Just Had a Deja Vu Moment !!!
If your phone doesn't ring, it's me.
homeless dog will launch jan 2012. music recording starts december 2011 at timewarp.
You're the baudelaire of our time, Jennifer Love Hewitt ...
Pizza it is .
I don't know what to do. #help :(
Love the new default
Helluva way to find something positive from this game.
I hate chipotle. Except for when I want a burrito.
Oh boy oh boy!
Sorry, all sales are final. These r side and rear seats that are left. I assume you have a premium seat, center and close.
Yeeesss Love you!!! Thanks for your support!!
Everybody runs around in their underwear...most of us just cover it up with other clothes... ;)
paretns of 8 yr old DC child / Yes - I am ready to re-enter workforce but do enjoy making school lunches,
Fuck Around Wit Me An Get Yo Cap Split Bad Boii Babbie R.I.P. 2 Pac
God gave Himself to you: give yourself to God. -- Blessed Robert Southwell
it's everything about you, everything that you do, from the way that we touch baby to the way you kiss on me. <3
i voted for you shhh.
Guess dats dat A1 swagg, I said "get it bitcccccchhhhhhh" lol niggas love me, they bitches hate me..... I know why!!!!!!!! ;)
they're not 'gone', they exist, but have been redesigned. Nowhere near as tackily-wonderful. Still see them 200 miles before S.O.B.
We're looking for talented #actors and #actresses with a passion to succeed. Auditions being held in May... Are you ready?
Love the picture!!
I thought we were done with the tests and the projects? Guess I was wrong-.-
u mean friday ? RT : What you wearing Saturday?
Why does Brad Pitt look like Ashton Kutcher tonight, and how in the hell does Ashton Kutcher look like Brad Pitt??
They asked Tony about her in the media center lol
Q: which would I need to create a "hackerspace lite" in my library? I have only 1-2 computers and a tiny corner.
"I have to watch my best friend die."- Sonja. What about my sister, huh? You don't care about your neices medical
They're not inside jokes... they're: "HOLY S#!T THIS IS REALLY OUT THERE!" jokes. They're best described as really funny "outside" jokes.
you cursed!!!
Temporomandibular joint pain, more commonly known as TMJ, affects many people in more that just pain and discomfort in your mouth.
Since the Devils won four in a row, would that count as a sweep?
they should have courtesy guideline videos on planes like they do in the movies
The courage gene is the single most important trait for the perpetuation of your family line.
Ladies night tonight at the bar! Half off all drink para las chicas!
Im working a Warrior Dash Event with Red Frog. We will ne working moat of the day tomorrow but I will let you know if we go out
should i send you a Harvard t shirt? I think yes? =)
Poker night junk food runs are the best! Well junk food runs in general are the best!
Infographics graded! Now all that's left is some spreadsheet wrangling. T-minus 27 minutes.
Thanks, we had sent you this message before we heard back from you this week. We look forward to talking when you are ready.
i hate macs so much.
sometimes you just need to relish in the small accomplishments - like making 4 perfectly poached eggs in a row!
If I hear the word Iowa, Romney, Paul, Santorum, Gingrich, Bachmann, Huntsman or Perry one more time I am going to become apoplectic!
Hope you dig the Album... All indie production! CD Release Party at the Kendall Pub in Yorkville 4/7/2012
REMEMBER!!!!...THE SHOW STARTS AT 8PM BUT......WE DONT GO ON TILL 1145 SO PLAN WELL..GO NUGGS!!!....N SEE YALL THERE!!!...LETS GO!!!
no hate just dont like politicians...black, white, chinese,,what ever...they DONT care!!!
Alton has built a career on running his mouth about food. You have built your career on running your mouth about digested food.
do u know
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in. Live life!
I can't now either Derek and I are going to a party and I gotta get ready but I'll fill you in tomorrow
had to close my eyes 😳RT “: Very much RT : There's something disturbing about in a speedo.”
I think my grandma stays up later than me, or i have narcolepsy
So excited for this. Hope this movie is great. Kinda of hit's too close to home lol. Sharing with my network of game devs.
That's a great pic.
S/O to, for your welcoming to twitter, much love
I wonder how many clothes hangers I break in one year ! I bet the numbers are astronomical !
Hartmut's Face Got Fingered
Re: hackey sack beat boxing, it's still on. We'll bring the hacky sacks, you bring the beats. Let's talk this out next week
Good news on Op-Ed page: "David Brooks is off today."
A sincere thank you to our 1st 700 followers at | We look forward to serving your #Poker and #Gaming travel needs in 2012 |
r u playing Duck Hunt? Having fun, Florida Girls Miss Ya !
Chocolate cake from Portillo's for breakfast.
SPRING classes are filling up! Get your brushes, pencils, pastels, and creative souls ready and sign up today. Classes starting next...
thank you😄
And Book Hill Park is shaded place to rest above the buzz of Wisconsin Ave.
that would be awesome. Great idea.
starting twitter acount
book of clouds by chloe aridjis...wow...what a nice change of pace from the instant plot in every other new book...
Happy 420 from the Mile High!!!
As we age, we lose bicarbonate in the blood causing alkaline-acid imbalance.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison via
That's very true :p so are YOU
This nigga #LavellCrawford to funny. Team not bored just sleepy
AZ is the best just like you guys are the best.....
How to Profit from a Kindle The Kindle is a hot-selling product. People like reading, and more and more are switching over to digital boo
- That's must be why I bought rubber sheets after they put that metal plate in my head. lmao
The vague answer to the max shutter answer would be around 1/75,000th. One of the RED engineers told me to email him.
“It was like being at a ‘real’ conference without having to travel and the price was great!” This year we’re keeping it real.
Ian Poulter on the course for a little over 10 mins has made a double on the 1st hole. Woops... -5.
Venice beach
Do you have an email address something can be sent to?
Rehearsal today with BrownRiceFamily!!
thank u for following me
So excited for cousin batch party tonight! Love extended weekends:)
Happy #EarthDay! What do you do to encourage green building?
If I could find Tennessee's bottom, I would paddle it.
Just copy/saved to my Gdocs while at my info desk shift, done.
Prom season approaches! Can you pitch a story about fashion or finances, safety or self-esteem?
There you go
Why You Askin All Them Questions :D Haha I Love That Video!!!
At this point you've known me long enough that you've no one to blame but yourself for listening to me... Just sayin'...
Homemade turkey & rice soup, beer bread and mini apple pies with cinnamon swirl crust! Successful baking afternoon!
I just realized that and are following me on #twitter !!! :) That's pretty cool.
It happens... at least you opened it before you thanked him for getting you a card.. lol
Ready for a great weekends at the boyfriends(:
Healthcare is a basic human right! Lets move forward! Reform!
Thanks. We're excited to see you present! The timing with your launch is perfect!
haha what is it??
#AmericanIdol All singers did good.But Jessica Sanchez need 2 find the rt songs to make her even better. Overall Joshua & Hollie were great.
THANKZ FOR THE FOLLOW
Wanted! Know a good mom blogger, send them to our blog.
I woke up unexpectedly... Having to pee. I wondered where my phone was, so after I found it under the bed! Lol
Thanks for the follow back
For you classical fans . . . The Boston Pops-icles
#glee jumped shark
no reference per se.. intellectual pontificating... but i'll poke around. glad to keep your mill spinning.
lol I got seeds. And go buy clone at the weed shops. Just got have a set up and u good.
I've watched two college girls drinking Southern Comfort and lime for about an hour without vomiting. Clearly, they are witches.
Thanks for having me. I'll try and do your namesake proud. :)
Cool Vatican Library stuff you just posted! Thanks for posting! Love the pic of manuscript in the handwriting of Aquinas!
Unrest in Middle East, "Natural outgrowth of repressive governments!" Unrest in Europe, "Hooligans only out for personal gain!" Thoughts?
Everyone looks for something to blame to make their point stronger
If you eschew lack of veracity, Fox news must drive you up the wall.
how nice to hear from you....I was surprised to see your name. How are you doing?
Hopefully Mexico BGC girls are really BAD!!!
lets go Ron Ron!
Has a surprise for :)))
#YouKnowItsRealWhen that person is just staring at you.
Good night universe
watching on the east coast... DO NOT MISS tonight's Fringe.
My husband the Bears fan bet me you wont RT He'll wear your jersey to the bar if you do. I'll have to wear Cutler if u dont
Thanks ! We'll miss cheering you on this year!
I'm at fred meyer's do you need some milk+Oreos.
There went my chance with him. Right out the door.
ball to morrow little hoof?
Beverly International UMP Choc. protein powder is unbelievable. It may be extra $, but totally worth it
This white dude rappin every word to t.i "what you know bout that" >>>>> lmaoooo
Looks like a visit to the gym is in order.
Better to focus on more than just counting citations. They're lagging indicators anyways.
hm... Black Canary is super hot, and no one else would be her, I'm sure... tricky outfit to run in, though!
did great for the video Right By My Side <3
Bm tripping she do shit the wrong
Great start to Easter! Service at National Cathedral, Brunch at Chef Geoff's, and off to THE West Wing for tour later!
Not really
thanks love I needed that verse
It was really good to meet y'all in Austin - Bryan & Heidi. Let's do it again next year
keylah needs ah hug *Gives Keylah Hug
Great day to go to ! You get in free if you have your debit/credit card :)
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together [Windows Phone]
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: "have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger"
Is the classiest player in the NFL. And of course my favorite player on the Packers.
you've never met me before so how can you call me a bandwagon? I've had to tell this story a billion times but I became...
#FF before his new project becomes an HBO hit. Then you can brag about how you knew him when he was only a best selling author.
RT The booty club my fav club
I hate getting these DM: "Hi someone is saying really bad rumors about you" -___-
The first requirement for becoming all you can be is admitting you aren't currently everything you even think you are.
I want to congratulate on his 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction award! Way to go, buddy!
love the way you learn while you film!
yeah well let's hope it goes by fast
What might have been...
yep. Little Tatum. It's almost time to eat lunch. She's breastfeeding like a champ!
class tht I'm taking and the global inequalities class tht my partner is taking where we are both discussing the roles of
MTV Movie Awards: 'Hunger Games,' 'Bridesmaids' lead pack - USA TODAY
ah darn I missed you on the 28th;/
Sister DEZZY MISS YOU
I wish I could do yoga on my own. I'm not goode enough though. I def need to get back to classes.
"the skeleton can not finish his protien shake"
Call to me and I will answer you and tell you great and unsearchable things you do not know. - Jeremiah 33:3
if you need a good blow call :') hmu for the digits!
Thanks to for dinner last night and for their pioneering efforts to connect San Diego's life sciences community to China.
Old Transformers>>
That day will come! (Well, mostly. Even in our own dialects we do listen to ourselves a bit.) :-)
#112_Minutes on #History is taking my breath away right now. #Whoa #Remembering9/11
today, i'm blaming everything on solar flares.
thanks.. It hasnt hurt yet
need some help getting your house sold? Send me the MLS number and I will find some potential buyers for it! Enjoy the day!!
My dreams are better than reality, but i sometimes have nightmares.....
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a great day! :) But don't forget to tell your mom Happy Mother's Day!
I may be overweight but I've got obese plans.
Baer - Need to provide ways for adults in the workforce to return to college...22% attended college, but d/n complete.
#whowouldyourather be stranded on a deserted island with , Casey Anthony or OJ Simpson?
Can Wolves keep up their 100% record against Aston Villa? Check out ESPN 2 right now!
#GuysNeedToLearn to prove that were not that bad..
thanks for reading!
Congratulations to Susan Chester!! She is the winner of the My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday Giveaway :)
I miss missing you :)
"Work hard, stay focused, and surround yourself with good people." ~ Tom Obsborne #iCBallers GOOD NIGHT TWEEPS!
Source: "Wikipedia has an entire section..." #journalism!
Now problem!! Hopefully we are getting hot, just like mid-may last year.
Is it just me, or does Guillermo Mota kinda look like Raekwon?
Who got some extra headphones they can let me have though ??
I deserve to splurge. No white trash coffee from Stinker this morning. I'm going through the Starbucks drive thru.
TELL YOU I LOVE :)
Decent hit Chipper.
actually isn't it three Years? Because you joined in may 2010!
ah cool thanks
RT ": Just saying is kick a$$." True story.
What is your favorite AriZona beverage? I love the green tea! Peach iced tea is wonderful too (cc: )
Oh snap. “: Time flies when your sitting in a conference room playing tetris the whole time”
Well, that's no fun! I even got to use the new voting cards you sick in the machine. It was awesome!
but that's the good killing they love so much even thou it say to leave judging and justice to him
Do you monitor industry trends? What's the competiton doing? Competitive Intelligence research is never sufficient if "it's everyone's job".
the shop on LA Ink
I really hope comes to NY. He deserves a ring!
I respectfully disagree. No subject should be off limits, the question is how do you approach it and with what skill.
Just donated to and you should too! They're in need of men's shoes & clothing at this time. Check them out!
Living good feeling better
Who cares bout u
Hey #ChiChat party people, meetings are taking us from participating today, see you all next week. Rock on
Just ate 3 bagels..
Teddy is a great dog. She still enjoys life even though she has a bit of cognitive dysfunction here and there.
Fabulous post Julia ()! Thanks. “The characteristics of a great female leader (are different) and still being defined.”...
#YouWereCuteUntil I realized you were a jerk.
Label GMOs in California!
Big HoS Week! A great Cyber Monday and tonight, a launch party/tea tasting to celebrate the online store. Extreme gratitude for all...
Lol, I'm not lazy!
Guys: if you're single, move to North Carolina and find yourself a wife. Girls like Emily on the Bachelorette are a dime a dozen
The #Blazers aren't buying out Felton!? Are they f-ing serious?
Watching this kid from Hoover & am glad to see he isnt afraid to speak.
#Begin your healing journey at Center for Healing in Harmony!
Race weekend! Who's pumped?
Thank you for a great #consulting case #interview webinar and for sharing your insights.
SHIT HE JUST DID. I HATE THIS PLACE.
Thanks for the favorite! Are you a Cole Porter fan or did you just think it was clever?
#Bondo is incredible in Bob! See it.
IM JUST STAYIN YOUR MAN WILL NEVER BE ME
Happy our Earth day hommage was paid yesterday. Nothing better than being home AND inside on a rainy day.
Thanks so much! We'll have to check out your site as well!
Thanks Lion 90.7 FM for playing "Don't Get Around Much Anymore" from my Sentimental Swing on your show Jazz Spectrum. Aloha Pennsylvania!
Welcome to our cold, rainy home...
Hope ya'll remembered daylights savings time Sunday. "If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through."-Chinese Proverb
I lay here in the dark ready for bed my legs start aching like I've walked 20 miles. Its terrifying to think I may be accidently exercising!
It is!! Love those sayings!!
i know - I am looking at $400-475. with a connection
#lions trying win the big 12 with this draft...
Cougar Nation let's welcome our latest signee 6-10 C Valentine Izundu to the UH family!!!
Newt's pretty good at rabble-rousing word salad, I'll give him that
app has been crashing last several days..what's up?
Why not sooner RT : #BELIEVE - JUNE 19th!
itz a good ass day itz so nice out hoes callin tellin me to bring da ice out
Survey: staffing, services, hard- software, users, workspace, funding, policies, sust., partners, assessment
Some People Change, Things Go Wrong, SHITT HAPPENS.. But Life Goes On.
Did selena & just break up? Ill give you a SHOUTOUT if u tell me
Both of you guys are great I can't wait for your next album
Ain't that the truth.
Check out D.I.Y. artists at today Note that Big Freedia had to cancel do to emergency surgery :( $10
The American Idol bits at the Fox presentation are tired
Of Course We Will & Sorry
Mertin Bro Rickey!!! Have a wonderbar day hear?? Much Love from Minnesota!!
Can I ask why the fuck ExxonMobile is so concerned with teaching?
Back (N. 14th & Berry st. BK) tonight with spinning Hip Hop-Funk-Soul-Party Classics. 9pm-3am No Cover
600 W Chicago soon, please?!?
Greenfield FD on scene reporting nothing showing. This was report of lightning strike to chimney
With or without bosh!
Whale got my basketball in for the day.
debatable on that. Check out legal seafood, think they have one the harvor
/// Charlie Wilson nigga.....
Just hit Heading home for a quick pre #MemorialDay Weekend trip.
Wish I could see it but glad Austin's coming home to N.Y.C.
#WomensHealth: Eat produce at every meal. Fewer than ⅓ of Americans get their recommended daily amount of fruits & veggies.
you follow us, we follow you. tell your twitter friends!
Of course!!!
Only the good die young
that would be cool...i'm still waiting on an answer! if i found anything out i'll let you know.
Leticia has the largest Spanish lang religious gift shop in the region -- also beautiful leather belts, wallets &jewelry -- 7916 SE Foster
Any way to buy a license for an older version of Eon? Version 1.2.8? I still have OSX 10.6 so can't buy from the AppStore
working on FB timeline cover for my client's business page... started thinking that damn timeline not that bad for advertising!
lol those flats could kill you haha
good color selection...
Guess I will straighten my hair then go to bed
happy birthday, we are closed in the cellar for a private event. Can we put a csndle in your nachos friday.. Team roots
Hi Doll.... I hope all is well your way!
i have been writing this girl i like poems i dont know when to tell her they are from me when should i tell her? : )
the awkward moment when lil' wayne starts rapping on t.v. and you think your t.v. is glitching
studying for finals that are tomorrow and friday
Redeemed Girls, remember Proverbs 17:22 today. "A cheerful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit saps a person's strength." (NLT)
I am getting more people/friends on Facebook but I am still twitter dude.I love twitter more then Facebook
Any new music or videos??? if so I am def going to check your page out haven't been on your page in a good while
That would be awesome, which of your players has the best chance? I'll be working six different greens
Tango Lessons and S.I.N. Night are happening tomorrow night. Keep your night open dance fanatics and service industry people!
I meant how are u ?
how do you know there $600?
I think the running code applies to races you DNS not DNF. I wear my MdO shirt.
I can't believe how much is growing in such a short time. I remember following him when he had less than 500 followers
I never understood how some people can hurt themselves.
thought u were a laker fan?
Sorry pals, I'm hardly ever able to do last minute HH b/c of the pupster :( Have fun!
Had an amazing wknd w/ kids at UVillage, HuskyStdium, Alderwood Mall, Kirklnd Watrfrnt, and of course by the outdoor pools! I <3
i really wanna go to the csi: the experience in times square :(
Thanks!! We were delightfully surprised!
Anyone win?
cool so
Clint Eastwood on behalf of the 99% (and Chrysler).
Nice. Vimeo registration smooth like butta. No captchas. 2 second registration. The way life is meant to be.
RT : And by "k" I mean fuck you.
Haha i wish i could we have a game in Columbus. I'll be home 'round 12
I'm pretty sure your work is a public place, and I can go there anytime I want.
today is a pretty good day so far. if anyone fucks it up #will die
Nice neon bar graph from
Want. To. Sleep.
I've had TERRIBLE experiences with Mavs fans too. I consider it a dead tie for 'Worlds Worst Fans'
You are awesome and impressive at the same time. Didn't know my whereabouts would be tracked just by a tweet.
Is #kdlang bummed to look like #waynenewton when she was probably going more for a #royorbison ?
Mingle often with good people to keep your soul nourished. ~ A.D. Williams
Thank you ;)
we'll clubbing as soon as I'm back from England on the 26th!!!
Thanks for coming by to learn more about issues facing seniors, and we look forward to your support of policies like OAA. ^PD
yep as well as Australia and maybe China
extremely cute funny from what i hear a ltl crazy 2 you really love ur fans u should get a fb and friend any1 that follows u
Planet fitness is nice for now.
Get at'em boys! #COYRapids #RapidsThugLife 3 points! Be sure to have Monster energy drinks on the sideline :)
pretty close :P or u should just fly here?
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter. Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL. We've treated child molesters and murder
Hay what happens to ur sister
Thanks! Eleanor, it was wonderful to see you again yesterday. Good luck with the start of the semester!
YOLO is the Motto .
once described NYC as "a bipolar boyfriend": when it's good, it's GREAT. When it's bad, it's TERRIBLE." Gotta say, that's spot-on.
Been getting worked! But its all paying off. Training day 12! Lego.
just made well over 100 cookies for BBQ today. Our last California BBQ!
I can't post a photo right now. Fuck you facrbook.
Happy Easter! w/ team - a gorgeous day to play with numbers!
30 + Girls will be at Central tomorrow for our Sushi & Champagne Dinner Party .
The new site looks really slick
Hopefully next time I will get to skate. Today I took advantage of the wifi to get some work done while they had some fun!
follow these guys now! Real music is back!
once a week would be nice!
“: Will be giving away a few copies of iFlat 3 (iOS5 ready) tonight..to win just RT and follow Random pick. GL!”
I did lol I was there 4 months, I'm just young and free
Tlk to my lucky Libra today :)
RT : Thanks for all of the help today! Still trying to ge to 1000 twitter followers by 2010!! Let's go!
Congrats to Julia Zimmerman! You're the winner of our Day Out with Thomas ticket giveaway from the The Official B&O Railroad Museum! Enjoy!
followed!! (: thanks for followning us
Wisconsin hadn't had a transfer since 2006 either, so ... Could happen anywhere and you wouldn't know.
Hope everything is good across the Pond........
Show some love! Help us reach our $135 goal by tomorrow & get something in return! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
I'll be covering Memorial-Sun Prairie and Stoughton-Oregon and will be at Waunakee-DeFo and Randolph-CW Christian.
Wish I could be at #dlfforum #curatecamp for cataloger/coder discussion
4 more days... Trying not to be so anxious!!
I don't feel like feeling angry or depressed today. I just wanted things to keep going smoothly. And I don't feel like blaming myself.
Just seeing this comment. Not sure anything justifies emotional, mob-mentality lynching. Even factual correctness.
High drama at the #HHSinnovates awards ceremony.
Check out who's next #Packers//www.fanfeedr.com/nfl/green-bay-packers?id=0e5fe8a8-4a8f-5fd2-b16d-c2a3ca2c28e0
In honor of Christopher Hitchens (RIP) today I will be a contrarian…wait, I always am, so…then a drunk…?
And his earnings per day are four times mine—and all these numbers are growing quickly
Thanks for sharing our post!
Your daughter is very smart!
I didn't realize I was so attractive to you until you decieded to leave and walk away.
Yuck (the band, not the sentiment. Although, on further consideration, "Yuck" the sentiment, too.)
I don't want to join yelp, just because I've hooked up with enough guys that there'd probably be a ton of negative reviews for my vagina.
fantastic. please come say hi this summer! i'm on 17 at 550. keep in touch and bug me anytime.
At #NSTA12? Check out some of the 18 sessions presented by our Fellows! Also, stop by Booth #1832 to say hi!
#NBA Season is warming up with some exciting games. Chicago Bulls to face Sacramento Kings on 29th Dec. Buy your tickets NOW: 888-493-0004
ANY BREWERS THERE???
Who is the cold, indifferent ! Co-host with Kelly?! And he's been on before? Not warm or charming.
Hello. Doctor. Name. Continue. Yesterday. Tomorrow.
i wish i could do something with my life
I kind of like "doctor away" as an imperative. Now that you're a doctor, feel free to "doctor away!"
Tom Hiddleston might be my new favorite, if only he didn't have to compete with Mark Ruffalo and Thor.
she can't wait to meet you!
no doubt. I'll be here
as you know we are open 24 hr a day hope to see u there
you should really record it on YouTube
it's at Two Trail an it will be easy to find us once you get there. If its between 7 & 8 my team will be playing.
I, fly solo
says he will get 1200 yards this year! I hope he gets more!!
we'll let ya know when we get them in?
Scotty McCreery wins country's new artist of the year, thanks his Lord & Savior Jesus Christ..
at Afters Cafe enjoying fresh yogurt and working.
Doing it for the fame fame baby the fame fame
Blue? Ivy....... I thought Ivy was green
Damn Skippy! Our schedules are polar opposites, but I'd really like to try and make it happen!
CD1 candidate Eric Griego talks about campaign finance reform and investing in clean energy on 's Eye on NM tomorrow at 10a.
Congrats on the Huffington Post Article! So Happy for you and your hard working team!
What can I say? I love me some chest hair.
Theory class: where we eat chocolate cake, talk about IMDb trivia for Star Trek, and use phrases like "nefarious pimp."
It's not over yet and I'm floored. Absolutely genius. How this isn't a top 10 show is inexplicable. Oh wait...ABC. My bad
true same here
Love it!
thank you!! tell all your friends about us! :)
What's this Lin-Sanity all about? Is it a drink I can order at my local Chinese restaurant?
(logo) why not do both. There are things that lend themselves well to color (main logo) but use grayscale when things dont
That's real f€{^ed up
While writing new songs, we take breaks from time to time to play tennis. It's helps with the creative juices. Any tennis tips out there???
haha I forgot your love her. I am at women in the world conference she is a key note speaker
eh....I am good on comic book movies for another couple of years.
lol brb p.e(;
I might be gettin some beats from you today!
600 tweets cool bye peace bed time
ok BOB.
Hi guys! We're local, and giving away computer equipment for donations to you guys. Retweet our posts if you'd like!
HubSpot’s implementation of the Sales and Marketing SLA has led to a number of positive results
There is so much intellectually dishonest crap coming in the mail. No wonder people hate partisan politics
Fade to braid (last tweet)
The FAA wants to run a pilot program for unmanned civilian drones. Now how's that going to work?
with you on the Zappa. Joe's Garage was a fave in high school (no doubt due to the adolescent humor)
The Element has had many looks thru-out the years
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "The POWER of LIFE & DEATH is in the TONGUE." ~ Proverbs 18: 21
Wanna be super Heroes are going to get shot if they don't watch their a$$!
Cutting spots for Clear Channel radio markets looking out over a 150 yard sandbar & crystal clear water...
Lies RT : I was a medium in the beginning of the year . Now that my arms and body got more cut. I'm an XL 💪
there was nothing to do.lol right now, I'm about to get up to go to school.
Oh man, sorry! Next time we'll give you more notice!
I will... Love ya!
hi nice to meet you. Can't we have our own encounter?? :)
What You Need to Know About Google Chrome OS | Gadget Lab | Wired.com wired.com/gadgetlab/2010…
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
lol, for me it is. Idk
For every disciplined effort, there is a multiple reward. Jim Rohn
I miss you too <3 im fine , wbu?
Mommuh la la la love you
TGIF! TGIF! no really im at tgi friday's
RT : As long as college players are not compensated then college sports are the real Hunger Games.
forget you too hoe !!!
Sports chat rooms etc. are a sewer. The racism is usually pretty open, unlike the veiled racism on network television etc.
Pro-Love March in Atlanta is only for one day. Pro-Love Movement around the world lasts a lifetime.
For personal accounts (and sophisticated spambots), I'd guess 70-80%.
Finally got the VPN going, hello from China! is workin' hard and killing it at
We are being represented this week at the 2012 Vision Council Executive Summit!
over #9000 "who is this?" texts after an iPhone mass text
sure. Shout me out?
I know Hocus Pocus is a Disney movie and I know I am 22 years old...but the movie still scares me.
I seriously hate spiders -.- why do they even exist
SLEPT IN! Thanks to mother nature who sent us a nice thunderstorm at 5:30 this morning. Yay! But no sewing, boo.
Good morning to you as well Carole. :-)
Chatting with David Murray with Moncur Associates about social media inside an ad agency.
Will they be dappin him back when he's suspending them in 2 years :)
God bless my FB Fam on this morning!
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for !
GOIN TO THE GREAT NEW YORK STATE FAIR YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYY
We would like to encourage our church family to take 5 minutes&get on your knees (literally) &pray for God to move tomorrow!
Movies in which someone rides a bicycle for non-comedic purposes?
+2 ": +1 RT : #StartupLesson “A ship is safe in harbor, but thats not what ships are for” #beonfire"
do not drowned-lol...We would miss you
Leftover Jello shots and corned beef for breakfast
remind me to never go to a bbq in teterboro. especially if I have to fly there.
Swag makes you forget.
when is a good time to call
#bitcheswhowontdateme the next-door neighbors dead wife
Wednesday cannot come soon enough. FOR REALZ, U GUISE!
If employees spent half as much time on their actual job as they do in challenging their termination, they wouldn't get fired.
I miss you too!
I truly believe ": Don't be scared by the unknown or what's coming next, get excited - the best is yet :) ~#Aine"
#happybdayjb hope al your dreams come true :) #beliebers love you very much!:)
TY Rebecca. Working with mentors & pros like you has been the best part of the journey. Ready to deliver!
from what we can tell, they are not on Twitter
It will definitely be a battle of the best wines! Thanks for sharing.
I will adjust my current 2,5 & 10 if his is better & I am included. I work better on a team
Better than Kentucky playing IU then Duke? Anniversary of the Laettner sucker-kick?
Beautiful people with nasty attitudes.
Damn today went by fast :O tomorrow is the last day..
yes! Will do!
Acute Sinusitis treatments - nasal saline irrigations are often helpful
☆ "NEVER EVER DENY if you really did something wrong." ☆
(and in my mortal irrationality, i'm still pretty sure they're gonna win though)
same. Call me maybe? ;)
Awkward convo's with
Cuz I can still hear his momma cry
Never get jealous when you see your ex w/ someone else, because our parents taught us to give our used toys to the less fortunate..
Every time sees me, he never fails to shout "Guerro" in the hallway.
#fact cracks me up. (:
Crazy weather
Nice photo--but don't forget her sweet tea! ;)
you guys need to take off this #eagles game it's 45-13 ok? put on #tebow and the broncos
A Killer Stripper
hello helicon :) see you all tomorrow
Looking for an office to film 1. A gorilla commercial, 2. an office scene for tobacco cessation. Anyone want a visit by a gorilla?
Me too!
co owner here
Tyler perry is preaching!!
RT The Jaguars have released CB Drew Coleman. He played in all 16 games in 2011 after joining club as an UFA from NY
Going to bed hungry is impossible unless I have to wear a swim suit in the morning. #oatmeal at
How many off y'all think I should change my name
In regards to my prior tweet, everyone please follow here on Twitter or we won't bring back the Stoli Doli!!!
haha well hi there! Thank you! My competition was real fierce ;) bunch of wusses lol. Hope u enjoy the show! #ERKLE. !!
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Heroism in Action! Veterans recount the Battle of Au Pac – June 19, 1967!
at least he made the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame before he left us. That had to put a smile on his face. GONE TOO SOON!”
LA on Tuesday then NYC when I get back. Coast to coast baby
And now sounds check with Unreal
79 64 cats, GO BIG BLUE can I get a rt!
goodnight sweetdreams!!!<3 Wow I just sounded weird for telling a guy sweetdreams!!
Rosters for Spring 2012 will be announced tomorrow!
I'm a leg-liftin' fool thanks to
My addiction....
Shifting from GUI to NUI needs to consider things like context, posture, focus and more...
I'm going to watch dvd the blcak parade is dead :3
on my way to pick up my nephew..got turned around.. now on my way to the best store in the world #dependingon which one yhu go to..Ross...
I think it's precious! Reese wants her daddy to remember she is
See you tonight. :)
DYK? Bro. Bobby Seale-Co-founder of the Black Panther Party is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
hi just curious what the range is for flat rate to seatac. We are in route via uber.
Have fun :) I'm spending the evening on my deck with a glass of wine & a project.
Happy Birthday to !!!
Gm sexy
Just say when!!!!!
Nice! Thank you!
Sure, how would you like to do that?
Shiver me timbers! : To understand piracy you must be a pirate. These guys have no clue.
“ RT : #AMuslimNever Let's a plane land.”
no, this is good.
Boxwire BizTip: In your #SmallBiz, be the change you want to see. Start with customers feedback and grow from there.
No, you're just used to doom so far this season
Girls that cuss way to much, or at all...
congrats! I'll be coming this summer.
be sure to get some wild west shrimp for your appetizer
Mills accent is #amazing I must say
Who do you like at D KC, SD, Cin or TB?
Shipping all of my worldly possessions to the desert - and back - again.
Tornado Warning for Martin till 4:30 PM. Storm is now southwest of Dunnell and moving Northeast at 30 mph.
how u doing sweets :)?
you'll never know unless you try. I will do everything with a great attitude and the confidence to show for it. I can and will do this.
I love waking up to the sounds of ponies playing
": Dont waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away." Man I wish that was easier said than done! :( <3
I'm in for all of the above
yes yes. This weekend! Fests everywhere come with! :)
Thanks for RTs & mentions: Policy Webcasts,
Sparty beating Sparty...typical RT Drew Miller setting up Darren Helm beats Ryan Miller to make it 5-0
Neva tell some1 tht cant cook tht their food is good, cuz when it keeps coming...damn
im going to leave this place.
hope so!
She looking for that lime light dont fuck with her lol
This rain is really adding volume to my budding whitey fro
If hard work pays off, I better be rich this summer
Much! I hope you have wonderful new things too! :) I think I will take tweet class again. Love dollface name wants meet!
Very happy to have a woman who understands that the way to a man's heart is BACON!!
your next script could be to mine your essays for people you cite who don't cite you...
Yeah both are compatible together. Hope it works out
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Im very hungry, come feed me somethin' that i could choke on.
oh I didn't see the black girl.. I don't remember the other 2.. What did they sing?
Does the pasta really taste better in Italy?
Is "from the guy that brought you Bridesmaids" meant to be a self-aware joke?
If any of y'all are out and about, come visit me at the bar at Steak Frites (Union Sq)...I have no customers. Cinco de bored.
It would be the most greatest thing on this whole entire planet if you would follow me! please, i think you're so talented!
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
#impossible. We've all tried (;
'all of your Xs is in black and white' :p
#ThingsICantStand when the date rape pill wears off and she wakes up half way thru sex...
Glad to hear it--I lost that particular fight myself. :S
Good Morning!... Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next! This WILL be a good week!
ShoutOut to , she's a cool chick with awesome and funny tweets! #FollowHer!
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press. ~ Roger Kahn
RT : Who is good with glass? I'm working on a surprise for prom with ... Need glass cutter/engineering mind.
I'll always love u
WAKE UP AND DO SOMETHIN PRODUCTIVE
muh. I knew we were friends for a reason :')
If you love hidden #archives collections, you should be following - Going beyond hidden collections to hidden repositories they are
44,976 people like Wines That Rock. Looking for those 24 more :)
Gotta hop on these nfl nike tees!!
: LOVE this.
great day at #sdsms! learned so much and got some great tips to take back to the office.
the games we play ;)
No problem!!
RT bottleneck is a flawed model of #healthit #privacy & #data the patient is the bottle neck? OH REALLY
i knowww,its been forever D;
Phil Pister and Roger Samuelsen on Preserving the Biotic Community, and Fishing
Have any good questions we should raise at the post-screening discussion?
My family is so weird....
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
You inspire me!
amen. amen. lol agreeded. :p but believe TICKETS NEXT WEEK THIS IS CRAY :O lololol
follow back
AQUS on watch for a major bounce....
I Wish You Here <3 Amazing Song:)
Just got done shooting this Russian Mafia film
Merry Christmas everyone!
Hell yeah! Thanks for spreading the message!
And if u love somebody... No matter the status yall in make sure u let them kno .... Friends . Parents .. Bf/gf .. Whoever
Can someone find and post a speech to get me hyped up for the Pens game please? I have been looking all day!
Ima get dat whip n treat myself 2 dinner n a movie dis weekend!..
" an ego that has a void, very dangerous." I.M.O. Debatable "in this case". I would/have fear/feared a overactive ego more.
i like your bio :)
At a seriously sketchy Bella Gourmet "bridal event" just to try an get free stuff. Not sure if it's worth it...
thanks. Yes, I'm learning, but slower than I should. Still, never let it be said that I hide my failures
Can we add info lit to GE outcomes? Please? “: AACU learning outcomes: info literacy is one of 10 essential learning outcomes"
Great meeting with today. Can't wait for this season!
Short nap then check out port show.
It's so hot. Florida sucks.
Happy day - the sun is shining and I have big news about my book coming soon...
Hey ! There are a lot of hungry ice cream fanatics here at the in Rosslyn that would welcome you with open spoons
Words Dnt Ever Seem To Come Out Rite But I Still Mean Em Why Is That It Hurts My Pride To Tell Yu How I Feel But I Still Need To Why Is That
Getting serenaded in Spanish (along w/ about 50 others here at Maria's Cafe).
stop being so boring
I graduated from Temple University in Philly. BA in Crim. Just. 3.38 GPA....Anyone want to offer me a job:)????
I Absolutely Just Love My Dog. 🐶❤
Congratulations! RT : Done with me freshman year at UW-River Falls!!!!
Ok, thank you.
W/financial backing of the Mayor of Detroit, William C. Maybury & other Detroiters, Ford formed the Detroit Automobile Company in 1899.
My sister is on a phone call with the president right now re: #Irene. Feeling important by association. :-)
Keep your head up JJ!
field trips to Wrigley this summer?!?!?!
only the beginning of the good times. Three more weeks do it again and again
like what? Short hand? And promote promote promote!
srsly i did try shaving kathy's hair once while she was sleeping.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel here. Time to hit the secret stash.
Thanks for the FF, and ! Happy Dandelion Day!
that can happen at airport security too i heard. how r u?@ katerina's tonite. Thought of u last nite wore Brian's t shirt!
The New York Rangers defeat the Washington Capitals in Game 7, 2-1, to reach the Eastern Conference Finals.
Well, , time to pull a robert Downet Jr., with just a hint of Jerry Sanduski.
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Soft Collection.) – a collection of "Black Panther" poems – by "Black Panther" NEETTA BLACK - at amazon.com.)
Reggie didn't have as much enthusiasm for the boring sinkhole story closing two lanes.
Giants select Jayron Hosley in the 3rd round of the 2012 NFL draft (94th overall)
I like that kind of attitude! Hope your day hasn't been too routineful :)
2nd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 13..Titans/Colts (46)...#Take_The_Over...Two hot QBs, will be a great game to watch!!
First Tuesdays tonight at with wine tasting, networking & a high tech scavenger hunt. Don't forget to download a QR reader.
Tryna do sum promotions get at me
I don't be having a taste for nothing anymore. They have to make me eat cuz i don't want to, I miss out on the good stuff too.
the "300" link on tytube doesn't work. Just so ya know :D
"Bucky thinks he's cool, but he's not."
Today the choice is Yoga vs Kickboxing class! Either choice is going to be a good choice- feeling so good excercising!
Crime Spree!!!! Who's with me?
When I kiss him, it feels like I'm floating
Our guide in Spain didn't meet us until day 3, and only when we spotted him emerging from a bar. But man, those bars in Spain are spotless!
:) ...have a great Thanksgiving!
on the Taft Show Now! She was at the Doggie Dash with her lil' Chihuahua girl...
I do think that some of his tweet about IndyCar, can be taken as far that he is saying he wants our sports to burn up and die.
When is your movie Yes Sir coming out?
Updated facebook app. for iPhone. Don't like it at all.
Had a great workout with Emily at fivex3. Can't wait to have my students workout with her :). Thanks Em!!!!
Crappy call against the Celtics. Rajon didn't handle it well. Bulls, Pacers & Celtics not in a good spot right now.
all i want to do is shop for dresses online for miami instead of studying!
Eat local! Hazelnuts, salmon, blackberries, Tillamook cheese, Country Natural Beef. On 3/29, % of sales from Burgerville to
at .14 secs. in gknova6 transmission you can see a gun on the wall behind the horde of zombies. on the 4 main screens in middle
Oh , your #followers are about to triple now that the backstage article came out! haha
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
Happy new year! All moved in new house...now have to unpack!
By the way- Thanks for disagreeing so agreeably. It is sadly quite uncommon online re Amendment 1.
So far 748 followers thank you mahomies and beliebers and everyone else for following me
At the coffee shop, ostensibly working on a new blog post! Soon to follow, stay tuned!
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :(
Awesome man, thanks for the insight... we just picked up a panasonic for our videos too
Jessica is safe (: I want Phillip too be safe now .
Mary Grantham is an early 1900's Scarlet O'hara. Am I right? Or am I right? And Downton Abbey is Tara. No wonder I love this period drama
Dear door guy that takes his job way too serious, You're a door guy at a crappy bar, not a secret service agent. -everyone
We are looking for more people (bartenders, servers) like If any1 knows of some good ppl, let know!
Off of work and ready to go to Vegas!
You bet.
Listening to chuck performing live at wilson plaza on wkys 93.9
Me and saw the hunger games last night it was pretty badass (: but disappointing ending lol
Tickets to see with my boyfriend tonight!!!! Ah I am SO excited!!
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
that will be interesting, won't it? You figuring it out? Nice work in the show tonight. really enjoyed your last scene.
happy happy birthday <3
I feel like I'm in line for a ride at six flags
"Sometimes life leads you down a road when you're holding on to someone that you gotta let go.. you’ll see the reason why."
Unfortunately we didn't end up using this one. I'm keeping it on file though.
Thanks for the mention! Though, "The Plot" is only available on the zine platform.
Oh, my bad. I didn't realize that I was living in a psych ward.
Knock KnockWho's there !Cash !Cash who ?Cash me if you can !
Debbie sold her house today!! Congrats!!
CBB unified start date isn't level playing field anyway..Qtr schools started 4on1s 2 wks earlier than semester schools!
was here (;
Rookie mistake...
is working on new Oscar designs, to be released this upcoming week! Yes, you two can wear Oscar styles at affordable prices!
If you'd go ahead and buy that outfit from the government for a few trillion, that'd be great.
preach black man preach....
So many new fans of moonshine since we landed in Vegas at #NCBShow! Once you try you never go back! Shine responsibly!
It's show day. I've trimmed my beard and used apricot scrub. Shit is getting real.
Good morning. Keeping the umbrella close by today.
I'd like to take this time to bitch about ppl who ask questions just so they can discredit u when u answer them
Seems I'm always congratulating you. Kudos, compadre! (hard earned and well deserved!)
Jones u?
Fashion Lounge Party, in October! The line up is amazing!
Great, Please remind your friends to vote too!
Don't forget 2 sign up for #EdcampSS March 24th in Philly. will be our Keynote Speaker and it's FREE!
Thanks babe! <3
yes, times were different then. When minors contract is up, would u be able or want to negotiate & return to the sho
14 goals last night = more baskets than had in the first half LET'S GO HOYAS! Pick it up.
.I'm so glad he didn't get mad <3
I need a back rub.. on the realest tip..
next Thursday!!!
please follow me.....
thanks sweetie! Have a good day...I have to get ready for work now....UGG!
If U came out Sunday 4 Andy's Jazz Jam Session - THANK U and To the new musicians and vocalists--thank you for sharing your TALENTS
How valuable are you if the only thing you tweet is a retweet? #NoFollow #SEO #CarDealer or #CONSULTANT -Social Gurus
It's s new day and you get to choose how you live it so: Speak Up, Get Up, Step Up or Shut Up.
#20peoplethatilove God, Jesus, Holy Spirit..... my brothers, my sis, my mom, my dad, my grandparents, my friends, the world
An Acoustic Player&#39;s Pedalboard (Part 1) « Evan&#39;s.Blog.About.Stuff ...
I really would
Night spent helping decide between a Mercedes SLS, Bentley GT, Ferrari 458 and Porsche TurboS all custom
Real Madrid slaughtered TFC 5 - 1 in club friendly this evening
wts r name?
Clary sage is uplifting and relaxing, great for supporting a normal, healthy attitude during PMS; also supportive for menopausal women.
Anybody want to switch to T-Mobile and not pay an activation fee? I need to get rid of one of my lines ASAP.
just do it soon, and make sure you have an indiana date.
tweet tweet lol
I hate when the funny Tweeters tweet stupid sponsor ads and stuff.
RT : "God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you! God is for you!"
I know you guys will come back next year and be even more of a threat! Proud of you guys!
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
Hey!! We play pop punk/ progressive pop rock! We just released an ep and it's on our Facebook!! What about you??
NOT SO EASY WHEN FACING THAT SWEET CHEN MUSIC IS IT TEXAS???
Nice man, can't wait to see more pics!
Going to make it a point to follow whoever the is following on Twitter.
New you is fucking awesome, though. And I'm damn proud of you.
I'm skeered. I dunno what to think of this New Soundcloud.
I need a swimsuit cause I'm getting in the water thus summer, I cant take this heat
whered u send that track?
I don't want to judge, but Nick was dominating the Testicle Festival yesterday.
only at stop lights! And in traffic.
Now we are disembarking what a joke first flight of day for this aircraft and can't get this right.....ahhhrrrrr
Thank you and the Godfather of Tools for the RYOBI drill and saw!
“: like dick in the booty gay?” dick in booty gay indeed
What attraction do you like in New York City? Tweet us at
Had fried green tomatoes, alligator stew, crawfish etouffe, jumbalaya, key lime pie and coconut rum pie at RTs in Alexandria! M...
I love you so. RT : You can eat gluten-free, organic food without telling everyone at your table.
RT : About to teach a webinar for : "9 Ways to Build Your Professional Network for Career Advancem't & Social...
ill suck them thangs ;)
My daydream.
dinner with your mom last night. I'm pretty sure she had something to do with the government shutdown being averted.
oh most def, hot dogs make a great dinner hahaa
Thanks for the RT and #FF!
i think ill be wearing my ambassador shirt tomorrow to #helpgrowdrumcorps!
Fanny Pak are fruit cakes. I dislike them, I have my reasons okay.
A perfect day for printmaking!
Gym today :)
lol, we get one shot to trend on Twitter and it's "Ham House" - way to represent, South Carolina.
#WorstRapLineEver I wanna peel off you clothes like a banana. -.-
s/o to you too sexy
The sky is so blue, i like it.
Don't move so fast that you won't know if you have peace wait on God His timing is perfect
Hey, when you are dealing with the mostly sub-retarded, it reads like Chaucer.
Thank you muchly! :)
Thinking of you James, Sharon, and Victoria!! We are ever thankful for your work to provide us with living food!
(Guess now we know who put the art in farting)
Hoping for some Timmy Ho's coffee tomorrow morning maybe....
Protect your assets and the wealth from your life's work by defining where it will go when you can no longer make those decisions.
HAHA... needs to pay them a visit...dirty mouth? clean it up with orbit!
Competition is heating up! “: Nadine and I both have 12 introductions on , lots of new friends to meet! #LegalHack”
there is that. . . i end up muting everyone. like if satre were a gamer: hell is xbox live chat.
Just hung up from a wonderful call...C'mon -- Happy Dance with me!
Kiley: eLife will initially not have author submission fees so no barrier to publishing, but will develop an economic model.
Two weeks until Outside Lands. I'm so looking forward to that weekend. It will be nice to get away from LA
I have a secret. I LOVE ONE DIRECTION MORE THEN JUSTIN BIEBER :)
i love you.
Austin , which is like a hour away from !
great job! Hard work paying off! I'm still working on breaking the 2 hour mark. Congrats!
How about a montage of Wash'isms?
Hurts the novelty of having an annual event.
a brand that hides the talent?
Have you checked the for spring items - we love the bright blazers!
u recording?
Coworker just gave me a stack of yoga DVDs. I'm super excited!
PSA: do not walk into Earth Fare and ask for anything high gluten... yikes!
I feel sorry for him that he was soo foolish to waste all that he was given
Seriously Donovan, your shirt and tie combo need to go.
/: decisions, decisions
Had a serious Gorilla Biscuits craving. Spotify provided a quick fix.
So glad im not going to a walgreens like a lot of guys today.
Now up at Policy Primer: Sen. Joan Huffman, ex-prosecutor and member of Sunset Advisory Commission.
Liter Night tonight The Anchor Bar come out for $6 Liters or $5 Jager drinks.. Also there will be live music Saturday Night at 10pm..
The Ursula dance last night was awesome! Got to see many old friends, and meet new ones ;D
That's encouraging: the AI was going one level deeper than I'd intended. So it's exponentially faster than I thought! (at least less-slow)
Into the gaping mouth of London / Tower Bridge
I heard that they domt sell food anymore! :(
Please help us spread the word to locals.
lucky!(: mines making jokes about the zombie apocalypse and how he's gonna train a tiger to protect him! LMFAO(:
"Shoulds" in life don't get you into action; they cut off your principles and values. Drop the "shoulds" & live by your core values!
Have you gone to any fundraisers this year? We love to hear about it!
the skunk! Tail wagging above the plants.
They're way legit
MT : If #MayDay was Tea Party rally w/ half the people #ows had would report the overthrow of Obama & Tea Party take over
i wanna talk to you on the phone:/
not until the money is out of government. It's not so much a protest as it is a movement
Hit a wall around 6:30 tonight... trying to get my energy up before the 8pm show.
try using dropbox, it automatically synced all my photos on my phone. its a good backup option. glad you got your pics back!
I am looking for a floorplan desiger for a night club in atlanta, any help please contact Mr. Thomas @
The 1st law of success is concentration- to bend all energies to 1 point, & go directly to that point, looking neither to the right nor left
Exactly! Great meeting you, too! :)
Look at you tweeting!
I'll have to check out!! Miss you! cc
This is our last weekend of the school year...
Some people put their gum on sugar every now and then, you know?
No offense, but with all that awesome outdoor space, I wish something better would replace On Deck (stupid) Sports Bar.
Alex's tweet is gonna be so hard to read. ):
I guess being nice to people is about over for me. Is that wrong?
lot of CJ debate.Good stuff. Think all Ranger fans can agree on 1 thing. he needs to get shelled tonight. Go Rangers!
I like Time Machine because I don't have to think about backing up, but I still also use SuperDuper, because I don't quite trust TM.
No he isn't, at all.
It means a lot more than you think. I'm just tryna be at least half the leader you are!
People of HIWI. If you have any eye-opening location recs or pix of locations for our interview on no zoning (want to show effects of)...
Nothing about kentucky derby on home page of espn. Least exciting two minutes in sports.
why did I ever get undercuts fml
“: Del Zotto from the slot and the Rangers lead 2-0 at 10:05 of the third period. Second two-goal lead in the series for them
Glad you had fun! See you soon MT That was a fun time at the , will definitely be back before the end of it's run 5/20
Pretty sure twitter followed Courtney Love independent of me
I just tweeted a bunch of shit about marriage equality bc I wanna fucking marry who ever the fuck I want. Fuck north carolina.
what are u trying to write/film for??
I really wish I had room to hashtag that last one
RT : I haven't read the book yet (it's next in my queue) but I already know the answer: the hair. Especially when unkempt.
Thank you so much!
obviously you weren't following us either so it's simply just spilled milk, #TFB over here
I mean they could have just had been doing what they had from DW2-5 and just make certain characters similar but not exact.
its not everyday you get to perform a turing test on aim, but i enjoy it
is thinking about teaching today's guitar & bass lessons outside.
YW!! Thank You for YOUR group & for what you do for Bullying Awareness & Prevention!
way cool; i'd love to hear more, too, especially regarding kids' reactions to the endings -
Funny bc can't read because he said "4:19"
Ugh.. I think you're right!
If you're gonna do it, do it big.
The blogsplosion following the release of the 1940 census data just confirms it: EVERYONE is a history nerd to some degree.
im kidding maggie haha i love u!
Awww shucks! Rt : #FF because - well - she knows the difference between a sheep & a lamb. ”
You'll hear "America the Beautiful" at our July 10th concert. Win tickets by finding a performance of this piece online. (yes, free tickets)
Happy weekend to you as well. Hope you had a nice one!
Good Morning Twitter Friends!!!
Feature Creative Launching Soon.
Didn't Liverpool have a 5 year plan 5 years ago? How's that worked out?
time to and - step up your social media game.
I can't believe they don't make an application to get the AP Stylebook for Mac? Is that true?
Checking out the week in video from Mobile World Congress. Some great keynotes available on their site.
are you working on getting Anthony Davis and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist to sign too?
PUFF PUFF....EXHALE...YOUR MY....
#iwannagiveashoutoutto Grand Rapids, MI, and
Deadline for #GreshamTeacherStrike has passed - LIVE w/ #BrentWeisberg - teachers reviewing new proposal
ha, is it the background texture?
I love it that folks are sharing your photos and artwork with us! Keep it coming.... Traveler
I encourage you to do so! Agree with the rant.
We will be closed on Saturday, December 24th & Monday, December 26th in observance of Christmas. Happy Holidays!
Just a little bit longer before this weekends 2-Day sale ends. Hurry and get your orders in!!!! Happy Holidays!!!
hm...I need to try that! Lol
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
RT : Boys, if you like her, if she makes her happy, and if you feel like you know her, don't let her go.
OK Tron. Tron Legacy? Oh that's the new one, right? I am old.
Listening to & xmas albums. So peaceful and beautiful.
So best way i know to deal with it is just not to bring it up at all don't even let you know what goin on.
I like won and done, it's a few vowels away from wine and dine.
E Books available from author Walter Parks
Late night at office- but walking out with Hans - no need for my rape whistle
what are you learning?
looooooovvvvvvvve them. It actually makes me want to work out again, just so I can put them on.
too much on my mind. i miss being me. but i guess i just feel down depression sucks
I think one direction should come to the franklin park mall (:
if you say you did it in heels I'm truly scared of you
Gave 3/4 of the garden a till tonight.
Another morning here on the Left Coast.
'are you the band that speared your guitar through our lights last year?'.... haha uh yeah.. 'that was awesome'
I believe everyone should get affluent and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they may see that it is not the answer.
I got a rack on Mayweather right now!
Didn't know #politicalstarvation was a hashtag, but I get it. Best to you both; thanks for sticking it out.
The master leads by emptying people 's minds and filling their cores, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
Finally catching up on my new favorite show "Scandal" damn its so good!! Getting that feeling I got when I first started watching Greys!!
Good to have the Sonic drive through guys back.
It's been a great year! RT : Big congrats to on her 1 yr anniversary at Comet / ! .....
don't get too shittyfaced bridge!
Wow, it's quite a storm right now! Makes me wish I had a cuddle buddy.
Talked to my uncle Papa :),i miss him <3
Agent Xander is trending! That is awesome!
The Alain Locke Initiative is having its summer fundraiser event on June 21! Details TBD!
yes Helena Bonham Carter is scary
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear You do you boo.
Just laying here thinking I need to talk to my dad about things
stop indirect tweeting about me gosh
And we're glad to have you around. I'm pretty proud of our writers at
this is gonna b the LONGEST #6DAYS OF MY LIFE!! #excited #boyfriend follow?
maybe. Ive gotta write a paper some time tommorrow.
You are welcome Cary! Fun and easy post to write for - plus is great for quotes!
More proof that she is a
Just received my book "Carly's Voice" in the mail today I can't wait to read it.
hey ronnie, whens the show cumming to long island?? Love you guyz
Would love to see a compiled list, enjoy the chats and mailbag questions. Keep it up
haha talk about convenience!
The NY Giants stepped up- NY Knicks-NY Mets--NY Jets Brooklyn Nets...turn in your keys and we will pay you thru next time you advance.
All we are is all we know...
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm starting an empire...
Lmfao don't make me shit myself, bitch. Get off the Internet you ignorant cunt.
i dont mind at all baby you the best thing that happen to me i think about you alot when i do i always smile alot
Starting 2012 with some good food and great company.
I may have just spent nearly an hour searching the internet for ugly book covers. I was richly rewarded.
Is twittermnesia a word, by the way? Can it be, please?
None of my dresses for tomorrow fit; they're all too big. The stress diet worked a little TOO well.
Well I would sincerely hope so.
Now taking orders for LAS VEGAS .... this weekend only!!! Get your orders in quick!!
I feel a need for silence and reflection. To heed this season of quiet and discernment. I discovered today I need a plan.
damn the wikileak'd cables from the US Embassy in PNG are FASCINATING "If all politics is local, politics in PNG… is Tip O'Neil on steroids"
TST Power Rankings on the way...gonna be HUGE.
we can make it happen if I do make it bro. I'll keep you posted
It's ok. Lol I didn't know what it was till i met my friend.
I'm down to come thru
Long drive ahead! 12 hours in a car
No block of rooms reserved for #thatcamp specifically; many are coming from the Hilton for #saa09 if you want to meet up there.
Am thinking we should take a cooking class while we are in Beijing. Anyone have recommendations?
Lakers don;t seem like a championship teak right now!
Publics tend to be slow because of heavy bureaucratic processes, though a small one might be better than the UCs we have out here
What if they said that to a person who really does have cancer? :/
I just sent you an email but wanted to reach out via Twitter as well. See the email & call me when available. Thanks-Darren
On episode 9 of prison break. They better break out of this thing soon I have things to do today!
"I love the way his eyes sparkle."// "I wanna sit on his face."
that sounds like me on a cold day
Never miss an opportunity to tell someone how much theyean to you. they might not be here tomorrow.
Damn #babymakingmusic anything by
Huh. Encyclopedia Britannica is discontinuing their print edition. Not surprising, but still shocking.
You are a person of enduring value ^ew
gots to follow
If I lived on the beach my life would be perfect.
r u gunna post the dance videos yet
#evernotice when you start arguing the shit you never cared for seems to become a big problem?
Well, one can go in and out of tweetiest status, ya know. :)
It's raining in SF, but the sun will shine on Candlestick Park on Sunday. Pray for peace and a 49'ers victory. Shabbat Shalom
Louisiana Tech, a member of the #WAC since 2001, will officially become a member of Conference USA in all sports starting July 1, 2013
#250gas Go Newt! He can debate President Obama on any Subject
I feel paranoid .___.
Tomorrow night!
let me know if you do! I don't wanna go by myself lol
thnx for watching!!! Had a blast
oh em gee, I got til Saturday! MAN UP
Email is best- on the road both days.
I'm doing well! I MISS YOU SO MUCH! How are you guys doing!?
Everything went good in FL, got back Tuesday night. Riding felt good, got to hit the beach up as well.
Do I really have to wake up early tm, I mean today??!! :(
I have a new philosophy. I'm only going to dread one day at a time.
People should be able to do what they want aslong as they not hurting anyone
hide behind me as we walk in
Love you!
This is gonna be the best year eveeeeeeeeeeerrr!!!
Thank you! It's a 9 foot #Frankenthaler RT: that piece on your back wall truly is striking!
Thanks for the follow! We love our young writers from down under--Happy Spring!
yikes! It's the worst, eh?
n i will do it next Thursday not 2morrow but the next i have so much fun doing BTR pics in my graphic design class :-)
We're into the final coat of varnish this week!
How so?
Sticks & stones may break my bones but whips & chains excite me! *evil grin*
yeah, the crosscheck he took to the face was pretty ruthless. He did score a goal & had an assist today though with the cage
#Monday Mention S/O 2 my good friend Peter Congrats on you new CD. Luv it! Ms. Bridgette the Coffeelady. Have fun/enjoy.
Here's a novel idea... keep most of your recruiting promises and players will be less inclined to transfer in the first place.
ugh that is annoying.. I keep music on external HD and just put where I want it.. I rarely buy from iTunes :P
Are men supposed to use "nude" or clear nailpolish when they get a MANicure?
Next stop:
Pick me. What is the password to IndianaJaffe5? :-)
The crunch is so satisfying! RT : Yes, I do love the taste and crunch of chips, but they just aren't good for me
C'mon Omar , We Need you to be Clutch #Marlins #marlins v
Just a week left until the launch of the RepeatReceipt App. Just in time for
And I missed it when seeing no Boskovic, but Pontius on the bench?!
It's called Facebook, not Boobbook. So next time try to get your face in the picture too please? K thanks.
ha ha. Baked goods and brussels sprouts is kind of my life.
The #laflood will be featured at tonight's #elit reading at Hugo House
HAPPY 22nd BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL, , love you!
Solid show from Lindsey Buckingham at the Crest last night. I wish he would have played longer, but an amazing guitarist.
#shoutout 2 my nigga everybody go follow him ASAP !!
Enjoying a great session with on Social Media Marketing.
Gram Parsons charred remains are roling over in his grave.
if you don't like bayside, you suck.
#hackon12 will presentations be online? would love to see outcomes even though could not be there :)
3.8% margin of error in MU poll, which makes many of the races a dead heat.
You can't target the New York Times, but you can target a NYT editor. via at
Ohh JSimps finally had her baby
RT Too bad there’s not a robot Bob Hope to go entertain the unmanned drones at the front.
Dang, what did I forget? ....I know....I have to walk my best following friend...my dog.
At the Big House ready to see
#NowPlaying Journey - Don't Stop The Levels (Avicii Mashup)
FITzee is in Zen Mode all month long on Mon. and Wed. at 7pm! Join us for #YogaNight to get cool, calm, and collected – for free!...
RT : DJing tonight at inside The Luxor, doors open at 10, Come party! S/O
ready for Puerto Rico!!!!
So glad u liked it! Hey Jennifer! So nice to meet you. Just spent an enjoyable time reading your blog:))"
Thanks for sharing! It's a labor of love. :-)
Happy Bday Chris, from the ladies of ! RT: Kiehl's Happy belated birthday to , a must-follow for all Kiehl’s fans!
Working on so many projects!
Looked that album up on Amazon, couldn't find anything. Not a qualified entry, but a good pun indeed!
Made a fool of myself @ the missions game last night- musical chairs on the field in front of thousands! I made my family proud.
Let's hear it for #wego! Nice one Bud Light
Looks like my teachers not showin up for class please let him not come!
i love DGAF... Now come to NYC
Jermaine is great. Excellent job , I wished it for you.
For Good Friday I carved this lamb shank into the shape of a stick of butter that's how this works right
haha I don't mention it to my friends..
Just brought PYHU and can't wait to listen to 152733649582494 times!
Hey you guys please go on -->Facebook<--and look us up and click that like button please :) tell your friends to do the same:) thank u guys
Watching a sundance film tonight...
stop filling my feed with your gibberish language.
hi, bad grammar. what the hell does that mean? huh? ha!
trust a kid to dig up all the things you lost or hid in your room.
motherfucker knee'd me in the thigh now i'm pimp walking with a lean't ass swag
we sure are:)
No! Especially considering he virtually disappeared after the deed was done and before he was arrested.
happy birthday Antonia :*
Montreal's French-speaking library school in existence since 1937!
#49ers defense doesn't even have #Willis 2nite... Yikes. Don't wanna travel through
Took a Strange Rain owner from "no good, deleting" to "best ever" in one email. We're all about customer service here at Opertoon.
NICE! RT : In the "How to pitch freelance Editorial Work" session at
YES! So sad. Told the kid about it. She said "Aw...that guy was old, but I really liked him" Think they'll do a spec on Thurs?
CISV monthly meeting...best Sunday afternoon of the month.
Putting some new songs on
Happy Mother's Day to all those special enough to be called "Mom"
Great, now it's hailing. Good thing I left the #AudiA5 in the garage this wknd. Protecting my new little baby.
Working today & tomorrow then I get to see my girl tomorrow evening!
Your mouth says what's up, but all I hear is a Mill ticket.
Enjoying this breezy morning in dripping springs
I swear every fashion conscious chick is not meant 2 MODEL
Sigh, what we do for health! I think I like Luna bars because they're more candy bar-esque. :-)
It's not fear. Most are on autopilot & aren't prepared to adapt. It's not the world we learned in school or from our parents.
thanks a mil! I swear you just saved my life. I know where I'm going for lunch!
late night mailboxes
Please get Love outta there!!!
What did he just say!? RT : ": I'm becoming anti-social more each day"can u take me to the movies ?
Chicka Chicka yeh fake money hell yeh i gave fake money at a outside store the dumbasses fell for it i walked away with 11 packs of gum
I don't care if you like polka dots, puppies & Chris Brown, who the fuck are you?
Yes sir bro.
Banging my head against my desk... Why are the simplest things the most difficult for some people?!?
I make really bad decisions all the time.
don't listen to these pathetic vol fans. We aren't all like that, I promise
lol ok! :) hey this used to be a TAP team lol :)
I don't blame them. I was stuck in purgatory, after all.
I have a tracking # and the pkg is at the local sorting facility, delivery is schduled for Mon would like it to come to my work
#notatime for the cotto fight for sure. It's gonna be intense.
Congrats! Naturally a bit jealous of your 3 month vaca. RT : Done with work for a few months.
Happy Easter to all my Mangia friends!!! The Mangia Bunny....:)
lmaoo i miss u to dude :( are u still in dallas?
Is everyone purposely trying to piss me off? Because you all are doing a pretty good job.
you still do episodes on there <3
“: "Wait, is it Wednesday? No, it's Tuesday. Damn, I was really excited for bagel club"-Gaby #jewkidproblems”
what part are you going to?!
Some of the talk amongst media in press conference room about #Grizzlies sportsmanship. Only 2 or 3 guys shook hands after game/series.
Everyone come on out to Blast Friday tonight. Cleveland Street Clear Water.
I'm not saying Venice Beach is a freakshow but I feel like I've been climbing Jacob's Ladder for the last 45 mins.
It's a boring day. at least tomorrow will be warm enough to tan.(: Maybe tomorrow night we can kick it?
Quick Suites is offering super specials for tenants that sign up this month
We have some awesome studios looking for network programmers for more.
Precious lake date with my favorite cousin
I lost my cell phone but talked to the female who found it for about 10-seconds this morning please get back in touch
is it time for #happyhour?
Just realized that my bank finally supports Mint.com! Oh man, so exciting. I've been waiting for a LONG time.
RT : I'm not sure how to put this. I am in a bar that is full of Portland Beavers...fans? Disconcerting. I had no idea...
come see me now
#WilDChildZ #ICONiacz #GRANDerz how r u im doin good as always have a good day lols
weekend went way to fast :)
SOLD: Penelope's Restaurant on Bainbridge Island, Washington
I'm equally surprised by
Really? Wow. They made sense? I kinda did them in short hand bcuz I thought we needed to discuss.
Ace Hood has me so geeked this morning ...
we miss you
check out The Funeral-Band Of Horses, and Sail-Awolnation, theyr pretty cool bands!
RT RT : 's #NABJSC12 was great. I'm proud to be in an organization that invests so much in its student journalists.
Hahahaha I just got all your tweets! I love them!
Hoping the #Broncos will keep TEBOW. For some reason I just don't like Manning. JMO. Tebow is great for the moral & has fans support.
RT : Thanks men. Tips will be put to good use. #revideo • Great! Get after em!
My girls ages 6 and 5 saw #PrideandPrejudice a couple of weeks ago for first time. They loved it, especially Mr. Darcy's house! :-)
uhh who are you?
want to see The Avengers #buildasteeple?
In the Gym Wit My Dawg
the rock is taking a rest, too??
Yeah that's true. I usually get Ravenclaw, but I think I got Gryffindor once. So I'm a Gryffinclaw I guess.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers on twitter.
After a beautiful afternoon at the #wsj office, heading home to Brooklyn to make some brussels sprouts, relax and contemplate
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER #rusher baybies n_n
i hate how people say the love 1 Direction and there a big fan i be like sure just cause like people now in america........
i wish i could find the whole season of "Hi Honey I'm Home"</3
hey:) r u going to see them ?
: Hopacalypse: WOW! Amazing. Been meaning to go to the barrel house for awhile. This is real motivation! See you very soon!
nonsense marketed directly to uneducated gym owners that care more about making money than taking time to learn the science!
I saw the sign, and it opened up my eyes, I saw the sign.
Finally! Now Graham needs one... !
Thank you to all the business leaders who came today for our MGMT 330 networking event. Our students learn for your experiences.
thank you both for a great schedule!! :)
Shit just got real if he just shed a tear for you
RT : If you're staying in the #ATX for #Thanksgiving, has a list of where your lazy ass can get some food :)...
I'm good my guy just back in that corporate world right now but u know its HF all day....u good?
I don't tweet that much but one day I will get a RT from him. I'll make it happen...
YAY!!! Our first $15 raised to support S.O.S! Thank you!!!!!
Damn, we need to catch balls and hold on to them!
wow 9/8/2010 marks two years luis and i started dating and LUI birthday wow cant believe you wont here to celeabrate R.I.P turtlE
I wish there was a ham trolley in addition to the bacon trolley
Seeking Booking Agent For Company Roster, High Commissions!
Attending #prismsa with Talking about hashtags.
Batting 100% this year on grants! Who else will be for RTI training in 2012? ?
Catching up on podcasts while pretending to clean the house. kills me EVERY time.
"Fear is the greatest salesman." ~ Robert Klein
At #reasonrally despite the awful weather!
Still at Lexus service. Still no lettuce. What the hell R they doing? GRAY 2010!
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO OHIO!?!?! (: #OhioMahomies are DYING to meet you, including me! <3
To all the haters that bood me off stage yesterday I guess I'm a great actress if you hate my charactor!
Where Are You Men Of Courage? You Were Made For So Much More
i support jelena i hate all the haters i think you guys are cute together
Thanks!! RT : Highly recommend new items on the menu.. Thai noodle salad and wild mushroom raviolis ... Brilliant
Everytime I turn on a song or upload a picture of her. She tweets right after ;P
I wouldent be here without my Haters. First they made me cry, but now they make me as strong as I'am now! ~xo Selena Gomez
I'm wondering if part of the appeal of facebook is one's confused mental model of the structure- I just can't find anything twice.
Me smile :) so thank you for being my best friend :) I miss you and love you.:)
I love my "Spidey-Sense." I've come to respect intuition. If you had to choose, would you pick intuition or analytics?
Kids make me wonder why people have kids
Cosigned. RT : Thanks , , and for a great conversation!
my nose fucking hurts and u left me a scratch !
Even though it’s Mifflin, that’s not an excuse to be drunk and disorderly.
(: sorry about the lighting $: I took the pic in my bathroom haha
#YouAintNoGoodIf you don't like country music. 🎵
Greetings on the Feast of the Circumcision of Our Lord!
RT ": #PinkPost I am strong and ready for the challenges that may come #affirmation"
#Str8LykeDes... Lmao ii see I'm getting in shit that doesn't gotta do wit me..
I can't even correctly insert the straw in a capri sun everytime... So, no.
Traffic jam on 16 east , awesome 😒🔫
hey buddy! Just wanted to tweet ya a quick "hello"
No! Mine is the 10th. But my friends is on the 28th! And she's turning 12 that day! o:!!
iS BAD AF!
where are you guys tailgating? Swear I'm not a stalker BoomerSooner!
6 tracks down 13 to go. Tomorrow it looks like.
Great movie! OK. Here is what you should do: 1) Keep watching that movie. 2) Move to DC. Yes?
so close. I was sweating the 4th quarter. I'm just hoping one of us can take down
looking forward to today, spending time with some great #nwindiana colleagues
I think I'm in Love Again...Are You The Prototype ??
Lots early birds already milling around #uwmopenhouse...does that mean we should start offering more 8 a.m. classes?
Just name the day...RT : Did a business lunch this afternoon. Safe to say I could do more of those.
sounds like it's going to be a great
You are awesome! And I love when you add things on here and FB you always make my day. <3
Titanoboa, #monstersnake installation still in progress The snake is incredible--HUGE, frighteningly realistic!
did u fight anyone this time? Hm
room 2254 of the conference building is nice and quiet. I'm currently in here writing until the banquet.
Thank you! <3
Snow showers ending around Central Ohio leaving cold temps. Wet & slushy roads may become slick & icy overnight. Drive carefully in the am!
-thank you :)
Really excited about the new Threaded Type tee design!
Happy Thanksgiving!! XD
Past MCN yes via website and many speakers via SlideShare, AAM charges for access (best I know).
Hats off to Pudge today. Couldn't imagine being a big leaguer at 17. Glad he's retiring a Ranger (but go Cards!).
Why do you think too much is made of your remark? I think it was a strong and false statement.
Across the street from my office is a huge "harry potter" store. 3000 square feet of just harry potter.. kinda weirded out ..
im right here nigga lets chill this weekend
Hey everyone make sure you go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all your hockey games no matter were you live we show all the games enjoy.
...hmm i wonder what i did...
there is some HIDEOUS nail art on when did this become a thing
That was a bitch Molina had that fight I wanna see an immediate rematch!
De nada. We enjoy your tweets! RT : Many thanks! Happy Friday!
A fleet of British ships are maneuvering in the southern Chesapeake near Norfolk, Virginia.
When girls take pictures in the bathroom at school! Haha :)
Time to wake and bake, rise and roast, get up and lit up. Maybe even get strong and use a bong.
okc gets the opening tip.. lets see what they wanna do with it... oh they wanna turn it over.. i can deal with that
Demon day 3 done..
how are u? today avril
practice girl practice! We do love our Red Bull!
#1ICONicYear "Hi im Louis & im 10" "i don't judge men" "were the iconic BOYZ from englishtown new jersey" "iconic BOYZ we da crew"
golden globes is tomorrow night looking forward to it
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
just return everything
so great that they notice this issue as well.
Thanks for the favorite!
Happy birthday to
Fantasy sleeper #bills defense?
Join a Spring Bowling League and be eligible to win $50,000. Ask us how you can win?
Thanks you Thanks so much Bigs Twugs
Great day talking to current and future leaders at PaLA Annual Conference #pala2011. Also enjoyed last night's #palatweetup at Otto's.
Stop in and see Jed right now, he has free tickets to give away to see Steve Aoki at 8pm at the Rave TONIGHT !!!
Can't wait to hear what Time Magazine mom has to say on the Today Show
got a bunch of shit to do in the morning. so im going to bed so I can wake up. ahaha. goodnight!(: party tomorrow night weeheww
Keep us informed. Our power is out in WL!!
#EventProfs: What online tools/sites do you use the most for planning a meeting? We're comparing them to the ones nonprofessionals use.
Very cool, Denise! Best of the year I would say! RT: how cool was that interview?
Best of luck to all my bandies tonight! Wish more than anything I could be there, but I know you all will do great!
Just feeding my dreams of being a stewardess in the 60s!
I see how that's beautiful in a way but my soul can't help but completely disagree
Exams are grueling!
a ravens fan in Pittsburgh is a major sign of bitch-assness
Congrats for being our 90th follower!! :3
So far, so good...no squirrels on feeders (not that I could see, at least.) :-)
I agree.As a fan we can boo,cheer,yell,in Detroit throw squids,but that whole thing with Joel was sad and ugly
burned 588 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Lord open up the door
yea its near bound brook and somerset
Alright, I'll be sure not to call you unless I know your up.
bout to do work on this pro tools
HI! Twitter! What are you doing? Im just eating some dinner! :)
was tht a joke?
im about to get on FLVS
of course they are!
Time to save the night?
Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments! Wonderful experience!
When thinks he isn't the 'perfect guy' <
I think I found a new show to watch. SCANDAL!!!!! Yall might want to get on the team
it's okay...there's nothing..
We actually went over this in nutrition, which I should be studying for.
Would you rather be younger than 20 or older than 50?
Watching the grinch who stole Christmas with two adorable boys :-)
Prom was poppin #2012 all day
yes! for the next 30 days I am a free woman!
I so want to take you up on that but turkey prep trumps Muppets! Ugh!
Waiting for this phone call from before bed. Too tired..
I feel like high school student councils get more done than state govt. State govts would probably avoid voting on prom themes.
Finally caught up on SMASH. Overwhelmed; in the best possible way (I think).
Went great--just one performance last Friday, one this weekend, hopefully more to come.
thanks for the retweet!
we have several any specific genre
you are quite the little skin chef! love!
m...me wantee
Making gravy has always been the death of me. Not today, lovely, smooth and delicious!
The camera & sound people need to get on the ball with the introductions. Heard Montclair, NJ that's it.
It is way too hot outside... Who wants an ice cold #beer?!?
NTU's Moylan: the point of retrans reform isn't to favor any side in the bargaining, it's to favor consumers
Today was a good day!
Quote of the day: "I've been to the places you have many memories, but let's make some memories of our own."
To this dude in front of me we get it ur gay but y do you have to try so hard
Out of things to say now. Nothng more, nothing less.
OMG in adrianna and your we are youung vid . were did you get your bathing suit . I love it and the video ! :)
Thanks for the follow.
The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Oh hell no this n word did not juss thro dirt on me
The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
1 lb per week is the perfect, sustainable pace :-)
Happy Birthday!
OH YOU KNOW IT! (:
When you put #God first, all else is added onto you. He knows your needs. He knows your #heart. He will complete you & your life.
we gon do Fl. style! Straight Bay all day in da A baby!
Sorry.. Stop saying sorry. Okay, sorry! I so do this LOL
The first platform session went well this morning - great talks and good coffee. Time for posters/exhibits!
At for first time since my wedding there. That's over a year. Shameful!
#ThingsIwantTheMost - things to get better :'(
Va gov signs bills requiring local school boards to adopt/implement policies for epinephrine in public schools.
thanks for sharing!
true. I guess that's why you threw it at an old lady! >:o)
I'm off old national sweetie.. not to far.
I am so tired -_-
idk I haven't asked anyone else
I LOVE THE MEGABUS!
If i have to do this you do too. I enjoy eggs, but your face I enjoy more.
The ability to convert ideas to things (dance) is the secret to outward success (Flamenco!). - Henry Ward Beecher (& me)
I think I drink too much of that, too
united service has gone downhill since merger.. was a huge fan previously
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying .. I can never be satisfied with anyone .. blockhead enough to have me.
very much agreed its the best. If you haven't had it try the Love Cado.
Rainy Monday...wish i was at home in bed...
Of course, you're my little parsnip.
Watch out for those in Orlando on #AllStarWeekend. I hear they are dangerous
how r u?
The Diversity Platinum Card and Jagermeister present RAPTURE The Ultimate Pride Dance, Nov 5 - Hotel Zoso Go to www.rapturepspride.com
Crimped hair is coming my way.
Ha! You might be a redneck if.....lol
Where do I take this pain of mine?
Thanks to Young Literati member, Howard, for taking the Stay Home and Read a Book Ball and running with it!
We just had a great meeting to talk about all our great community partners and programs in #Buffalo with office. Thanks!
Does it hurt, to know I'll never be there? -Kelly Clarkson
Be honest with yourself: What's motivating U today? Why are doing what u r doing? R ur actions likely 2 produce the results u really want?
lright everyone! Treat has been given! :D We put up our Intro and a better version of "Let it go sport" We also put up "Self Made"!!! :D
Cajun big easy on deck...
I Have to get one more followerr... HELP ME AND IL LOVE YOU FOREVER.
I think my twenties included at least one existential crisis per annum.
that looks like so much fun!!!
your welcome! :) thanks for participating in the video! spread the word! :)
We just did another round on the website. Tell us what you think. LeftHandClothing.com
Hello-fest! Actually, tonight it was SHRIMP TACOS!
Some "Bieber" fans are so fucking stupid! Immature assholes !
Global Domination Mr. Noble FE Click Out! Chuuuuuuchhhh
My headache's finally gone.
I grasp on to my music endeavors to hide from the true pain I feel inside. It keeps me sane and gives me a sense of hope.
"moths are the heralds, or better yet, the guardians of eternity,”. -Castaneda
My favorite part of #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck : sometimes its a noun; other times, a verb (& at least once, an adjective)
its all good ashley!
philip phillips from american idol is just so... dreamy. haha. <3
You kicked ass, lady! RT : Post-show Canters with Awesomeness
#Imagine You and Niall are going through all your hate on twitter and Niall holds your hands looks into your eyes and says,"Your beautiful."
Day 1 in Seattle and already at pride. This summer is off to a great start.
Yea that's him. I'm sure Gimenez doesn't give a shit
Ever flip through your Facebook photos and watch yourself Benjamin Button?
Could it be that Sheen is on a substance that isn't checked by your standard drug test? Like rhinoceros adrenaline?
It only took 8hrs and I won the stand off!!!
Honored to host #OMMA Influencer dinner in #SF for thought leaders & more
good luck kevin. i'll follow you on the ny marathon app.
i only want summer to come so i can still teach you soccer
is just the numbers plus efficiency
#ConfessionNight some times I feel like I don't want Austin to become more famous cuz I miss how it use to be, but I'm so happy for him<3
When I first saw 'cologne' I thought Köln
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 6
Got the cutest bathing suits today :)
RT Im confident and pleased with my diet and exercise!
Johnny Rocker & The High Rollers live at Paoli Pub in Belleville, WI tomorrow 3pm-7pm!
along with attacking basically my whole body, organs & nerves, it has wrecked my spine. Just had new x-rays & MRIs....
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
Kill him for his late game passiveness, his missed FTs and his bad stepbacks.
Still doing any virtualization? Good luck with the job move!
The only Waunakee in the world!!!
"In a booth in the corner with the lights down low, I was movin' in fast, she was takin' it slow..."
ewan mcgregor is brilliant in i love you phillip morris!
Goddamnit, I'm still a Cubs fan.
"He's got fists like empanadas. And he's my best friend."
I could care less who won, I just wanted game 7 to give me something to watch
Hahahaha I better see you soon. I missed you at #HighCottonFormal 💗💗💗
Anyways someone should text my line
Get to know yourself. Use your self knowledge to better understand others and build mutually beneficial relationships with them.
I love the #grind its all i know
No more Mr Nice Guy hello Mr nice watch
I feel like a machine today! Uh!!! Blog posts! Work! Dropping off clothes at Secondi! Pilates! Getting clothes tailored! Uh!
Ha! Classic.
#craigowens is sexy.
EVERYONE FOLLOW if u do u gain 1 follower and u get a so and da 1st 7 ppl who do get 34 followers
My house smells like plumeria!
"If you weren't miserable about the way the Caps season ended on Sat nite, then you probably are now"
Faith is daring of the soul to go farther than it can see. ~Ouida
will the flood behind me put out the fire inside me........
KU up by 12 with 30 sec. to go. Why is UNC still fouling?
and they don't give you ssh access. :(
About to make a video for and (:
Extended Hours: Library open until 2am for students/staff/faculty on Dec. 9, 10, 13, 14, 15, & 16. Computer help will be available.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.” ― Emily Dickinson
AHA is hospitals, not docs RT : #HITsm T2 ... the reality of EHR uptake, readiness and MD disconnect.
Positive vibes and prayers to Coach Pat Summitt, a true legend of our game.
Been wanting to listen to "I'm In Love With A Stripper" by T-Pain al day.
"He expected judgment from them, he himself stood in the crowd that stared at him." - B. Brecht on travel.
WE CARE SPA ROCKS!!!
Longer Stronger hit the homepage of thesixtyone.com
4 every dropout there is a man picking up his diploma's and degree's. I want the cleanup man not the 1 who quits. ~bld~
I wake up at 8 in the morning for my bestfriend, so she doesn't have to go get a shot alone.
SEEING WILLIAM BECKETT FRIDAY.
Also glad that the person who ordered wedding certificates in London received them yesterday . . . took three months to clear customs!
RT Brave the weather for some outdoor exercise. You'll be glad you did.
nope. In many cases, water is being transported away from watersheds and not replenished.
lol, you did not just sus face me -.-
When it's not raining, delay it. When it is raining, play through.
. Exciting! We're in a great mood too! Sip Sip! DD makes everything better for #smallbusiness owners!
Eat healthy but dont be a tool about. The sec you grow out a new age pony tail and wear silk you should go back to burger king
With that...I say "see you in a few hours for lineups".
For it! Getting married Memorial Day Weekend '11. Polled friends/family on my wedding blog before setting the date.
Initial text setting of #OksanaG Act 2 done. Now it's time to decide which bits are actually any good! :)
good deal
Ill b on keys with the julian tanaka quartet 2nite @ the arts factory 10pm-1am las vegas,,,,
Late night Ustream with Skylar later
Buying my tickets for THG tonight! I don't get to go until Saturday, but at least my brother and dad get to come with us!!
wat up homie checking in from da ill mil!
No Doubt Bro.Hopefully I Make it Out That Way Soon. Needa Put Me On the Ticket Lets Get it JKBut I Appreciate That
Aerodynamic / Digital Love / Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger (Daft Punk - Discovery) - The whole album is outstanding, however.
Love me some short handed goodness!!!!!!
your very pretty!please tweet back
thanks for the plug! Glad we did a good job 4 u! Have a good weekend!
I hope you say that because I know Ricky, not because I want to marry him.
Aww! Well I hope you do someday!!! <3
o yea border line genius work over here haha
so what's due tomorrow ?
Congrads to Frank Carti and the Indian Hills Braves on a Bergen County playoff appearance after last nights 18-7 win on MSG VARSITY!!!!
Good thing these coors cans have vent holes ...
whats the best way to cook pork kidney?
but its all good tho
My b day weekend. freek'em dress heffas! Time to party
What's to eat? Here it is Spinach Quiche and a Lentil Salad with a Vinaigrette and Pine Nuts.
#20ThingsAboutMe I tweet a ton of depressing stuff, according to (;
a loser! RT : This afternoon, LeBron is ....
So beautiful,
So the death is confirmed wow, RIP Junior Seau great football player and great man!
i follow u
#RVA hold on just a little longer! Relief is in sight! Sun and 60's arrive tomorrow!
"big data" is one stupid neologism. Can we stop selling blog adverts with it?
Perfectionism and Procrastination are closely linked. They can both DISABLE anything you are trying to accomplish....
Knee trouble forces Nadal out of Miami Rafael Nadal withdrew from the Miami Masters prior to his scheduled semi final against Andy Murray
I would prefer anything over being #InSchool .
You graduated from the "streets"? That must look wonderful on a job application.
Looking forward to #THATCampVA today
That you can't.
You CAN have creativity without passion and joy, but it's a lot easier to have constant creative flow in your life WITH those things.
SECCA needs your help for an upcoming exhibition. We need a hot dog cart -- yep, that's right, a hot dog cart. Call 725-1904 with offers.
If you wanna leave I can guarantee you won't find anybody else like me.
I'm good....for now
I rather live enormous than die dormant that's how we on it
Shouldn't have stayed outside that long
I loved you on BGC8 you were so real!
FYI there's a big police action on 8th ave be between 66th & 67th.
OMG*-* sexy bahaha
Had our guys #Remede in the studio last night. Watch out world, they're coming for you!
is with on the tour bus!
$GOOG has rolled over this time last yr & the yr b4 last. not convinced yet this yr will be different. watching.
OMG this is really hard to watch!!
Man, these damn meds >.<
Don't shave off any evidence!
weird we are the only state using that. Forward!
So excited about tomorrow. My birthday, cake with family and then movie date. :)
what does it take for you to follow me?! I'll do anythingg!!!
RT : #bbcsum12 I must have misheard - tobacco comps funding broadband rollout? <- Couple states cut deals with them..
Very talented
The jets picked up the wrong robert griffin
You know it been awhile when you get "excited" when the wind blow!!
Weather Service: yes, it was a tornado
Did you try one? RT : Having lunch in #Carmel. Fresh waffle cones smell pretty good.
Night lovies I got 3 hour to sleep hehe I was read fan fiction night ::)
Getting ready to meet up with Mikey at SFO for the league of dorks draft tomorrow. I need a bloody Mary desperately!
We are on the search for the next Les Dawson
“: When adults napped from 2-4 p.m., they performed better on tests & fell asleep faster at night" *attention ALL Employers*
expanding my crappy pop music library for today's five miler. thanks Ke$ha and Taio Cruz!
hahah it's the truth! So freaking funny! I almost like it better (;
Can you imagine taking a huge dump like pissin out her ass ?? I can't ! Lol
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 21
Man this shit crazy I been up here for this drug test for 3 fuckin hours
Couldn't have said it better!
just a little :)
RT : RT : Pointing out problems w/o seeking solutions is useless.
This game is gonna end in a rumble
You were AMAZING at Spin last night, esp your money kills art speech. #fuckyeah Absolut Vodka's worst nightmare.
what? join me in what? being awesome? Oh, sorry.
you're on, bro.
Be sure to follow RT : Got excited just now when i saw the notification. I was like OHH!!! Toi just followed me!
bored in the hospital.
hey!! I'm back!! Are you back in school? When do you go to Mexico?
Keep it coming! Was just put on avail for a comercial.
cool, look forward to it. If you need to change when for any reason just let me know, should be fine x
the job app goes up Tuesday. Now I know they don't usually hire incoming college freshman but it doesn't hurt to try!
go suck your own dick
nothing ma'am
I would never get any work done bc I miss you so much and would want to talk the whole time!!! will you be at festival later?
Why do shorties look up to Marilyn Monroe?? I really wanna know tho.. all she was was a hoe.. or am I wrong?
At little sisters graduation
Nice relaxing afternoon.
The awkward moment when you walk up to a glass door&the lady inside stares at you dead in the eye...
If is really dating I think Jon Hamm was right: "....stupidity is certainly celebrated."
y viste la 4 la de afterlife
Hey, are you guys coming out with a new Harvest Moon anytime soon? Like, for the Wii? :D
Are you home? my phone is broken so I can't call.
I'm having a normal person type of day.
aLRight !!(: I just told Lai & She Giggled !!! Her misses yuuuu :'( yu better come now
na, your cole.
my favorite channel follows me!!! I used to watch my favorite show Code Lyoko on this channel! An honor.
At the end of the day , YOU might be feeling someone is comprimising , but you miss the whole fact of the inspiriation that took place .
word up we all got to eat we a family
I will be tonight for #foodtrucks and #HEAT! You guys should all head out there! 850 NW LeJuene rd
Can't wait till Manana. 💗🍻
Surge Squad tailgate May 7 before The #PittsburghPower take on the
Was thinking, what a great life to be able to play music. And, a glass of wine and thou.
agreed. Great displays of mental strength from was he tweeting without the handbrake on? I think so, yes.
": coo. Which one?" I only have 1foo !
Je m'appelle Mitt Romney & I insulted an ex president who served his country honorably. BTW, I hid in France to avoid the Vietnam war.
Hey everybody is doing an awesome beer dinner with April 2. Spots are filling up fast so call Bacchus for reservations
Happy Birthday My Long Lost Sister <3 . I Love You .
#RIPTHERUNAWAY yes lil kim! Giving couture!
boredom ....I'm lonely as fuck too. Thought I bagged a shorty but these rap and radio dudes do to much.
Preparing for sleep with a monster and peanut butter sandwiches. We hit the road tomorrow. Don't miss the Wolf Pack Tour date in your area!
That was awesome, go
Ha ha you guys could just come over to my house and we can all make lasagna together that would be more fun than Denny's
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7 & 7:30! iPad, iPod Touch, or Macbook? What's in store tonight? Watch & find out!
Great! Look forward to your submission! We will be live on Dan Savage's Lovecast this afternoon. Will try to give you a plug.
what have u been up to lately
sext me meow
Hahaha!! Well played! And great idea!
I always have visions of things that might happen... & they tend TO HAPPEN! Creepy.
that looks awesome... where is that?!
(in a deep voice) "Can you tell me where the pulled pork sandwiches are?" #bestpickupline?
Wuthering Heights because Mr Darcy has set expectations far too high.
There are few airs I inhale more deeply than those freshly scented by a morning rain.
good morning tweeps!!!
Realizing how weird you really are and wondering how you even have friends.
Shout out 2 all the Laker fans not tweetin, answerin texts, calls, leavin their houses, #enjoy Sincerely
Thursday " Ladies Night " @ Mambocafe Dallas !! Daniel Boom dj in the Mix and XOdallas broadcasting live !! $1 Margaritas 'til 11 P.M.
I locked myself out of the house, walked to work in flip flops, spilled something in my purse, and had vendor issues. Will cut a bitch.
i feel you.. I see understandble
Great idea!
you're very welcome. Please email me so we can partner up with our soon to be released mobile app on iPhones and soon Androids
well alright. Let me know the details and I'll work to contribute what I can. That sounds like a great session. Thanks!
To: CAROLYN, please have a great trip to Napa and PARIS!! We <3 you. From: INDUSTRY
The UNM Lobos won a nail biter yesterday. How is your bracket looking so far?
Three great places to celebrate NYE!~
Damn! Let's have a reunion SOON. Pete, if you wanna go tonight, I am game for literally any time. No presh.
Oopsie! I meant to! I will add it! *blushing*
just missing your hawt ass ;D o and being all excited to get drunk and go tanning
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jelly beans. -Ronald Wilson Reagan
Rise & Grind. Tomorrow is Friday! Have a great Thursday Tweeple. Good morning!!
ion even know y'all
Back in LA after a successful Vegas Cakeover : ) Check our Website and FB to see when were back!
You don't, you just exit the application.RT : How do u log off tweetcaster
I came ThisClose to actually managing to change my flat tire all by myself today... foiled by lug nuts again!
lmao damn MJ was that god? he was key on them squads though
RT Need sexy ladies for video shoot for this song next month in the Nashville TN area! Money Mac feat Raqqi_Work That Body htt
Scott is at Atl fall fit fest with Dr. Oz and Stepp Stewart. Come down to int.convention center. Scott is here till 5
Sanibel island. Where restaurants don't know what salt is.
I've been alright, lookin' for a new job. How've you been?
5.4 Travis Porter PERFORMING LIVE at FUR NIGHT CLUB Text TravisPorter to 74455 for FREE entry
Just got home
Your photos are beautiful! Never been, but hoping to make the trip on the fall or next spring. Can't wait!
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
why do you still get money from him?? I thought u had a big girl job
i should get an evanescence tattoo y/n
What movie are we gunna watch ? NOTHING SAD , please !
its been too long J!
Anxiety is often driven by our negative thoughts. Try replacing those with positive thoughts, it will help improve your outlook and mood!
its the sad truth. We'd all like to go back when shit was perfect, but unless the outcome changes, I dont think its worth it D:
“: u should already no what u did!! U cheated duh!!!” chick please who's fillin yo head up wit dese lies dawg?
Dizzy G and Harlem Renaissance lit are actually slightly making me enjoy writing this paper.
and by fancy, you mean Bud Lite Lime, right? I guess I could try it...
My favorite part about being a massive celebrity will be checking myself into rehab for "exhaustion". Can't wait for that full night sleep.
I still can't even describe how happy I am!!! I feel like its christmas.... but better!
I seriously need my bestfriend to text me like ASAP...
So happy to be able 2 talk to the #roc vets 2day. Lots of businesses for us to support.
Alright so to tell you the truth, today confused me even more.
lol why my house?
big Belieber lol. And thanks, I enjoy your company also
I want no parts of work today. I really don't. I wanna go back to sleep.
Are you going to be in attendance?
Strength isn't measured by muscle...
we'll be there in no time
lol well you already know :*
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
Woah just saw I had 666 tweets, gotta change that quick
Thx for the follows
"but if home is where the heart is, my heart is at a distance..." 💜🏠
Each time Groupon uses "fare" in a daily email, a kitten dies.
no problem!
THUNDER NATION, LA IS OVER!!!!!! TOO OLD
hi my friend
oh i want to go to there.
Hey my cousin's dog has the same name as your sister. You should follow me :)
#genios I also enjoyed 'raper' as a profession.
and I'm used to you not liking me
r u creeping?(; if you are can you please follow me??(:
Hey thanks for the follow!! :) I followed you back!
OMG I miss you 2 when are you coming back home!!!
Why Anderson Cooper was in B-more a few weeks ago MT : , talk w on Sun
Light is sweet,and it pleases the eyes to see the sun (Ecclesiastes 11:7) Its a blessing to be able to see another day
try now
Who the hell are “Burners, ” anyway? A few months ago I was asked, in one of those email groups where people ask each other things like t
That's cool. Love fireworks..I was born July 3rd guess that's y. Have fun!!!!
we're Sugar's largest provider of dev/engineering services. email us,
Hay hay!
only one NBA game on today the withdrawals are starting to set in dont worry I am ok now
Thanks for the follow... Orphanz baby! Join the movement~
They look at me up & down without nothing to say, but its funny all the words come out once I walk away.
It is not the hook or the rod, but the bait that lures. - Spanish Proverb
Wow. 99% of your recent tweets for Pinterest links. Unfollow.
Carrie Underwood sounded like shit on idol. She just yells... Jessica sings way better!
“A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.” ― Steve Martin
Tonight it's JR's turn to shine... laying that foundation of #bass so we can build this house of rock! #Lowend Power!
looking forward to hearing more about your great week!
Saturday & Sunday both sound pretty great, to me. Not sure if it'll work out but it's fun to daydream...
Thank you for all of your support! You are amazing!!
Antenna-Sharing IC simultaenously delivers signal to several RF receivers.
I just assumed it was saying the dinos were gay. But it kind of surprised me that that one was a finalist.
hey! Glad you like it. Plenty more where that came from. :)
i'm drunk, what's up bitches!! lol jk but i am single..and this is a fact.
I figured the less sugar the less uglier skin hahah
bummer. send me an email, Andrea and I'll give you some contacts
getting ur old scarf<<<<
Obama says he personally supports same-sex marriage. Does this make him more or less electable in November? Thoughts?
Still can't get used to how early darkness settles in! It destabilizes my working energy.
B man go ahead and do your thing you still one of the best songwriters ever and you have that artistic freedom
RT : RT : Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.-Gordon B. Hinckley
Headed to show at #SPADES with and watch em,spark the stage.. Yet again!!!
But I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me. I wont let this build up inside of me.
Great board meeting tonight. We have a jam-packed winter - stay tuned for exciting things!
Kester Edwards talks about breaking down barriers--race and ability--through at renaming of Montgomery Co. Aquatic Center.
tonight in LALALALALALALAyay
Nice to meet you Conal.
revo sd planning conference call today!
every family that ever came during the 10 wk library series of sing/dancing mother goose style came 2 today's party. rainy as usual and FUN
you think?
On the rooftop of Team 10 Studios doing a photo shoot next to the pool with Atlanta skyline as the backdrop!
RT : #NeverShouldYouEver cheat on someone or lie to them
Haven't slept yet. I think it's bedtime. Night!
Rich concerned about library being burned to the ground? sounds like we need multiple copies... #lifelit> Let's conquer Mars then!?
if you hit it and killed it would that screw with your veganism?
So far, so good! A. de Fussigny Cognac is a great base for a
i'm home!
have any specials
prize #1 Caboodles Pro Cosmetic Case filled with Johnson's beauty products $60 value
Drew Brees is silly
#foodlabsummitdr REBO on #Haiti coffee 200k fams producing + yield. & quality would improve their condition- 30% for export informally to DR
RT “: dude I love you but I'm gonna have to unfollow you bc of nasty profile pic.”It's pretty scary! Closing my eyes.
what did zinn say?
I don't hear you, I'm blinded xx
"The way positive reinforcement is carried out is more important than the amount." - B.F. Skinner.
Tired of being treated like shit....I'm done....I can not wait to leave!!
yo tatted now . . . Yeah boi" craig pops
Yes, I ruined your joke AND used bad grammar. Guess I'm not going to earn enough points for you to tweet me.
Good Luck and Sweet Dreams!! :)
Thank you Beth!
or try to discover the most discoverable places in #roc. Like pay phones from Verizon
Thank you very much!! :)
Happy Veterans Day to all who have served!
lol, KOBE's trying 2 have a "flu game" 2nite... :)
It was a foreshadowing for carnival.. And autocorrect 😜
do you have instagram?
RT - Hell ya my dad might get us tickets to the opening Monday night football game the Miami Dolphins vs New England Patriots...
Just walked by #tyga tour bus again in #Portland. Is he still here?
RT : Hope to do and proud at #CSMB2B in Philly tomorrow. OK nighty night! <Prez is gr8 Good Luck!
needs a win in Rockford and for to abuse the Milwaukee Admirals!
oh on that case then yes we must get this trending lol
With a team like and the sky is the limit!
#NowPlaying Heaven Knows Donna Summer
Cheer on team USA in the Women's World Cup Final today! 11am. Happy hour all day/night.
Lost my wallet & a very nice person turned it in to stewardess. She called my name over the loud speaker on the plane & brought it to me.
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 39
PS- can we please come to Boston? Kthnx.
I'll bet you were dressed to kill...
is that offer still on for the return in detroit!!!!!!
soo the pirate game today,HELL YEAHH.
Hey do you have a phone number for anyone @ Nebraska Natl Guar, just called no one answered
Had a wonderful Valentine's Day dinner with my husband, mom, & son in downtown #bmore. Due to the long wait they gave us a free de…
lol no seriously
“: #Sagittarius like to be a first priority, it's what they want from their partner because they'd do the same thing.”
I do have to say these r the two funniest girls I been with for awhile
g'morning cock a doodle do... cum n git it!
hey thanks for the shout! if u can, check out my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Love Selena. Makes Me Cry A Little Everytime I Watch. Great Movie.
This break really sucks. ..
can't wait!
oh no, feel better! But glad you're watching #GH!
Wish I could leave it all behind again
Having your tire go flat is a bad day. Having your spare go flat makes things even worse. PS. It's freezing outside
The Chinese eat everything with four legs, except tables, and everything that flies, except airplanes!!!!!
Protect our children! Give them a voice!
Telling me one thing and doing something else
I would like to but I've learned the hard way to be careful what I announce too soon;) Plus I just forget to do it!
On my way to NYC to talk to RG3 at a Subway marketing event...oh it's early
Thank you for all the support!
Love our reaction to certain avatars. makes us hungry, in a yummy kid-like kind of way. Winning combo.
Yep that was me! If ur ever in Nashville look us up, we may just be playing together again :)
stop complaining! You get out before me.
1I'm pleasantly srprsd u were up n at pub, didn't know u loved real football, 2 they're gooner fans...can't expect more
would the current issue effect the FTP server? I'd call but it seems your main website is down too :P
N part due to the fact that alcohol is a poison, tolerated by our incredible bodies; yours is highly reactive
s/o my new followers
Thanks Elaine!
truth is, i can't stand the thought of being alone. i'm weak and can't deal with things on my own. what i'm trying to say is i need you
Good morning world, what's the deally today....efficiency, that's what.
Ladies #Icantstand to literally see the tracks in your hair
I am freaking out my teenage daughter. (And I like it.) LOL
Screw you, okc.
joe budden in the ear right now
i just went to check and see if it was like Armageddon or something
Its also a hell of a lot clearer. 52 confused me because I didn't know what was being rebooted and what wasn't.
Well, I literally don't have a pot to piss in. But I do have a toilet, which works much better, anyway.
Why is the Torch only available on AT&T? Worst. Service. Ever.
I haven't had a water gun fight In like 8 years.
you're so sweet. You'd be the greatest boyfriend (: Sarah's lucky.<3
Alright, I may be sub tweeting the shit out of oomf, but she really is fantastic. Lol
It's #laborday! We hope you're doing something fancy.
Was your first Monday night without football since August w/o football really that traumatic, Mr. Stella? --- removes noose from neck ---
Kind of wish the US was more like France and other nations, and inaugurated our President immediately following the election.
the shining, blade runner
cool you should've came to Envy last night it was poppin!
I really don't know how twitter would be w/o ' tweets. They're so perfect..they always make me laugh.
happy to. Hoping to be at #140conf as well. Thanks for a great day. & did an amazing job today at
SAVE MORE FLIES, DON'T BE A GAPER
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
If you play #NBALegend you should add me on FB.
Can't wait!
Cats win 8-3 over East Carolina to finish up the weekend. Thanks to all the fans and the FIJI guys for going crazy last night!
All Glory Comes From Daring To Begin...
Ir u following back?
Thank you very much...Good advice. I realize the importance after an editor cleaned up my magazine article.
Jacob Latimore has some MAD dance skills, like NO JOKE! And he has a great voice,im starting to like him:)but IB is always gonna be my fave!
I texted you :)
I think it helps kids if you don't shelter them but do as Stephanie said, talk them through it.
Squirrels wreaked havoc in a West Linn neighborhood! Costing drivers hundreds of dollars in repairs. #squirrelsgonewild Story 5&6
I feel sick</3
traveled in to b'more 2x in the last 2 weeks, back again on Monday. Went 2 inner harbor loc both times. Food is bomb! DJ too!
Yes it is! and oh cool, i have a friend from the Philippines :] ♥
The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing!
St-Vincent was so good at #BKFerry that I bought the LP ... And the tee-shirt.
I work out :)
just saw in your following list! am i proud? "yes" am i jealous? "yes" do i still love U? "yes"
Really? Video available? We recorded a song with Scissor Sisters Del Marquis a few years ago. Sweet guy, great band.
I've been taking a little sabbatical from comedy. Longest time away while living in L.A. (2 weeks) I already feel hungry again.
meet me in the romance section.
counting the footsteps praying the floor won t fall threw again <3
I think just called me soft, insecure, and awkward.... #ohwell haha
yes, I was. Just got back this morning. Ready to tweet again about Boston sports and more!
miss #oomf just don't want to give in.
she is totally a stalker. TOTALLY.
Thanks, except I don't know what rec'd means? Is that Twitter speak for something?
Kesha strikes again! Her hair and make up is just like Jen's! And she's using her expressions and mannerisms smdh
Just watched district 9... GREAT movie. Makes me wonder how the world would actually respond in that situation.
whats good for tonight doe?
Where is your poll on your FB page? We don't see it.
Ha! That's funny.
thats what I do!
the minds eye can see for miles
haha oh! I like it to
I listened to the Tracy Morgan thing. It was good. Still don't like Terry Gross. Just don't think she's a great interviewer.
- enjoyed this video immensely
Thx for the love we need more people like you!
love being ignored..
my transport is New Jersey Bus, but I'll be in Manhatten. Busses "full" at library. What can I do?
Thank you, thank you!
that's right!
Lynn the landlord just ruined my life. </3
Don't worry, little pup, I love you too <3 I missed you in Seattle but I'll be sure to bring you some treats next time : )
haha go google Jesus Loves Stuff and check it out LOL!
My phone is alive :D
we are.
is the last boombox.
The day started off well with another audition. Keep 'em coming!!!
lol you guys did good!! It's the last class!! Woohoo!
Jotting notes for my marriage equality floor speech today. The theme: this IS the civil rights issue of our day.
I count myself fortunate, my 4-yr-old son is literal & goes for correct names like penis & breasts. He's young & very sharp.
I felt it was very interesting looking at the different cultural presentations that were shown, Narellan Jolly said.
All the best shoes were made before the year 2000. Air max 95's,ken griffey's,bo jackson,huaraches,barkley's etc.
is beautifuL and an awesome friend. c: <33
is flaunting her BEYOND STUNNING mother-of-four bod on & I could not be more inspired. MAJOR #Fabulosity!
The world says "backatcha"
Last 2 hours for free drink sends! Don't wait any longer this is such an amazing gift!
70 degrees on March 8th in #nyc means that no one knows how to dress. I've seen the whole gamut, shorts to down jackets.
That was like robot....to rainbow.
Wow. This week has proven that the people that make fake Louis Vuitton bags aren't even trying anymore.
#somedayitwillbe me to get rid of FCAT!
Tonight u'll find me at the Emerald Queen Casino off of exit #135 in Tacoma,WA w my cover band 4More.
not just any church member, a judeo-christian one; he leaves out mention of a large religious group: muslims
Benefit performance at my old HS.
attempting to write a resume even though i've never been employed a day in my life
Lowest gas price in Madison is at the Clark station on the corner of Park St. & Olin. $3.59/gal. Get a step ahead and pay less for gas.
Would be the most WONDERFUL thing IF S Club re-united.....But, sorry to temper things, the Mail Online's article claims 'the band's PR
3 days ago
Joey Votto follows Stanton's lead ! Holy shit !!
In memory of those who we have lost RIP 9/11 <3
HIS EYES ARE JUST OMG!! i wanna steal them seriously!
Spent some time at a food bank distribution site in San Ysidro this morning. 200 people. Many arrived as early as 3:30 am for 8 am event.
I got sorted into Ravenclaw! Are we shocked? No? Me neither.
I know what my mom is doing. She is trying to starve me so she knows I will fit into my dress. #smoothone mom.
Please don't - I'm tanning vicariously. Love to you both, have a blast!
There's a FaceBook fan page for: Aretha Franklin's Inauguration Hat!
You are lucky and can sport both . . . BUT the length can compliment the style of dress and jewelry you are wearing
I find it attractive when a guy carries a girls books, its just so cute.
i love the sound of squishy milk between my toes
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here... CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
#FOLLOW too!!!
I mean the one with grapes, and barrels, and time. I assume both have had alcohol involved at some point.
Racked up shawty!
ha, my every morning routine exposed!
like jack Johnson and we also get a pick
never at #EdiblesRestaurant :)
*scraps' eyes spinning* the vet just gave scraps a shot of something. feel super sleepy. bye-bye, now. z
you are never alone..you have me :)
On my way to my drug class -.-
u like going there?
#HPMKT we have made a list and checked it twice. I'd rather be naughty than nice.
Paid the clerk at the gas station $16 in quarters! Lol xD
Boom. RT Zuckerberg laying out his nice dry-cleaned hoodie for tomorrow. Big day.
Flood control..Sandless sandbags-Simple,quick,convenient,portable and biodegradable..Uses a natural Jute bag and a water absorbing resin
thanks :) && I seriouslyy miss my ipod! I should be getting an iphone soon tho, lol :)
Yay! (And also, woah - how did the year pass so quickly?) It's Thanksgiving tomorrow! We are thankful for you. What are you thankful for?
My ears are still ringing.
Roll Call! RT : is anyone going to tonight?
where still in the ninth
Mark your calenders: January 15th we are competing in ! More info coming as it gets closer, for now help spread the word!
the district sleeps alone tonight... makes me so happys every time i listen to it
what a blessed day this is! :)
The afterparty better than/the rreeal party
Been Hard at in the Studio Lately, New Songs coming out Soon!
cant stop listening to - thanks again for sending some tunes my way.
I'm away on vacation but when I get back to town let's make plans! I would love to see you! :)
>> Aww *cries tears*
WOAHH HAVE TO FLY OUT TO NYC FOR NEW YORK COMIC CON LIKE NOW!!!!!
THANK YOU :)
#Debian Wheezy is already shipping #linux #kernel 3.0
Girls who tease their hair at my school look ridiculous
when you get it, plesa message us the ticket number...
deshon, did u start yet??
no wonder isaw smoke coming out his botty((:
I will need to explore that, much obliged.
I have a "thing" for 5ft women
Thanks for the retweet!
Does anyone have the numbers for McGee on Bynum vs. McGee not on Bynum?
on days?
who can dougie you say? i think is the best at it ;D
oh ya
STACK BANANA TILL THE MORNING COME.
I miss you too! #dontknowwhyileave Oh wait
I have just stopped looking for certain things in life , but I haven't given up !
wanting that one person to text you and they don't <<<<<
Good morning peeps!
Thanks for the RT!
Robin, we are very fortunate to have her in a wonderful hospital in St. Louis, but I do asked for prayers for her - Carol
Golf shot, Rickie!
Anyone know what the subjects are tomorrow for westtest?
Oh.my.gosh. <3 I LOVE !!!! Details later! <3
Falling in love is like the rain. It�s unpredictable, but there are always signs before it completely falls.
you have me glued to your every tweet now...
Just finished my first crossfit/boot camp class. Holy. Crap. This is going to hurt tomorrow.
True! Organizational support/assistance is vital. And gaining the support can be another challenge entirely
Awesome! Glad you like it! RT : your Nutritonic kombucha is so so good, and I never liked kombucha before.
ok, back to work...
I tried the Teletype first.
“What’s money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.” –Bob Dylan
right there with you is where i want to be..
Hey you!!!!! Lol, your boy Kirk made it to the show!
i dont care what they say, im in love with you♥
Why was social media effective 4 #ArabSpring but not so w/ either #TroyDavis or #TrayvonMartin?
This is the best Easter basket I've gotten in .... ever.
Sad how you can't find that these days RT : Everyone wants to be taken, but nobody wants to be committed and faithful.
": i loved "Sleepover"" THANKS!!
My immune system is proving to be very unresponsive.
Ha! I have 10&11 yr olds. [RT Thrilled my 8-yr-old is writing his own fable. Not thrilled that it features Mario and Luigi.]
love it!! I can't believe it's your first!!
kinda, except with crank comments RT : "Isn't blogging kind of like yodeling into the abyss?" Richard Jesse Watson
free menudo on sundays at 1395 s sheridian blvd. fro more info look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
Romo enters the game, promptly hangs a hit-me slider to Hart, but he can't keep it fair, still a bit of a scare for the faithful
As a writer, if you get the small details write, readers will "trust" you on bigger fictions. But mess up the small stuff...
We appreciate your support in making this awesome project happen!
my fave villains weren't there at all - dr. doom and galactus.
I betcha if Train Dreams was longer it would've won.
your face sucks!
4-18-81 #Superdome JYD & Dick Murdoch form race relations "dream team" in tag tournament
Come out to Arboretum Petco and meet the Wees today from 10 - 12. See you there!
Thanks for the RT!
wish I could! I don't ever deal with her personal (twitter) or pics/press stuff. Job boundary. Am sorry :(((
Is anyone on my TL a home designer, or even a budding interior designer? I need ideas for my bedroom, stat.
hope you vom after :)
There IS a mouse in mouse hunt!
Always express your gratitude.
Do another 'She Can Get It' video? Please. :)
I Love My Husband So Much
great job on the #sobewff video!
Happy Easter to all of our Facebook friends and family!
we're screening my latest film at the Boulder Theater on May 24. Hope you can make it!
I'm at where students are getting petitions signed to support undocumented students and to end human trafficking. LOVE it!
Thanks! Keep an eye out. With any luck, you'll start seeing us around very soon!
isn't one of the tasks the girls actually won the task Diana was PM on? And all the work Aubrey has done they've lost at?!
Thank you.
Why no Isagenix? It's really great stuff.
Glad to see Gerard's work being tweeted about.
i hope you get better soon!
sinus surgery at 6 am. I need to smoke all my cigarettes in the next hour.
I guess I finally need to figure out what I'm supposed to do about all these Google+ notifications. The interface is still a mystery to me.
Park in a hay field fog up the windshield my kinda killin' time😉
wait...I thought you started that trend?
SOMEONE, COME HOME SO I CAN TAKE YOUR CAR TO WALMART AND BUY MYSELF SNACKIES.
4 Hours And RoM Still Hasnt Finished Downloading. [Sad Face]]
You must be in Atlanta. The nice post office lady at one on Piedmont says the only way to fix it is to write to USPS
Daytime #curfews punish all juveniles indiscriminately, regardless of whether they are conforming to a public school schedule.
Manager just hit you up
yeeee  we def need to hang out this summer! Starting with Indy 500 craziness 
You da one :)
millie knows what treats are. millie also knows how to open the drawer to get her treats. she's a jerk.
are you Christian yes or no
I'm digging the color of tie tonight.
I paint with shapes.
Did they have to go so hard this episode?
Sorry. You bear no resemblance to liver, chopped or otherwise!
I have to go to sleeperoo. Goodnight boo<3
You not humble you will not succeed the route you are going ! #Take it How You Want
HE STARTING TO PISS ME OFF
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I can lose weight anytime I want: I just don't want to. What's your excuse?
Why Ike, whatever do you mean? Maybe poker's just not your game Ike. I know! Let's have a spelling contest //
Need to consider context as well as content when looking at social media from a retention standpoint.
love u to
Thinking how fun it would be to do the Will Ferrell staring contest video.
Ugh, just got glitter bombed.
BACK AT YA LIKE I NEVA LEFT.... S/O TO U! ALWAYS KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YA NETWORK U NEVA KNOW WHEN U MIGHT NEED IT...
Omg I had mine on since yesterday lol
one of the best new producers
best sign a fan had at the rangers game HAMILTON 18 HOMERUNS PUJOLS 1 LOL
Hello there my little sexual HOOKAH BEAR ;D
But the beach is SUPER FAR!!
Im not obsessive over my boyfriend, sorry i see other couples acting all cute. it makes me miss you.
My Next Boyfriend Will Be White . c;
Hi Dave! Thanks for the follow.
S/O to #JuicyEnt .
Hey, I want to hear "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !
Any chance that you'll get video up at some point? I'm just listening to the audio stream now.
western new York
I love my mama.
Hot Uncle Cooper on The Big Bang Theory...whoa.
David Beckham is at Staples to teach 'em how to flop.
playin monica's love all over me mad loud....
The Large Endangered Birds
I will never win this game without you
Hot beatz my boy!!
Send me the ingredients. Imma have to make that. Do you put it in the blender?
Sometimes the world just isn't enough for some people.
Today's guests on the AFTERNOON DRIVE .... , , and #CareyWilliams ... it starts at 2pm
Some shady shit going on with the refs tonight
you find it refreshing to hear people speak ill of the dead? That speaks volumes about your character.
Find someone to help and they will notice you, no matter how famous they are
thank you! So nice to be part of the Show!
UPDATE: Crash I-5 SB on the Interstate Bridge now blocks Right & Center Lanes.. Fire still on scene. Tie up to SR-500.
One intern candidate even wrote a #haiku: OrangeAid Intern / They tell me it's fun but hard / But I've been ready. ~Elijah
Wow! Just had a convo w/ a customer who was a scientist and got banned by the U.S. gov from working w/ computers bc of 'bad' things he did.
i am going to try :) I haven't been to a thursday show in a while :) keep you posted
Kwame Brown gets a $7mm contract for one year....that's stealing. Get a clue NBA or your product will be forever damaged.
I'd love to have a Vanishing Point, but I can't justify the price tag. It needs to be about $100 cheaper...
Burlington Mall has a chick-fil-a.
Thursday April 5 Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
Any subject can be made interesting, and therefore any subject can be made boring.
Just tried it out. Very cool Judy!
Catching up on SMASH!!! Missed the last two episodes! Can't wait to see on the season finale on Monday!! #excited 😁😍😝😏
RT : Lifestyle marketing on FB is so important. Show people WHY they need your product or service. TREH
Special thanks to Lorenzo, James & Michelle for their focus, drive and passion that allowed this show to be possible.
Personal observations made years too late: too many stupid people have access to social media.
Violate me and I'ma make you hate me. :)
Now playing at small forward for the #Bulls...Yuniesky Betancourt.
I MUST see perform on Friday !!!!!!
Yep, especially since I started spending more time working on the Mac.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "for true change we need to fight against monopolies so people can save 10% in their spending"
Haven't played my xbox in a while
I will retire tonight with an even brighter smile. Thank you ;)
Meeting up with two beautiful ladies &
WOW that sounds awful. Make mine just a whiskey please. The Dutch have weird mixed drinks. Cheers
Or maybe it's not sold out? I just know it wasn't letting me get tickets online. I'll have to find out the old-fashioned way.
Simplicity is divine. Allowing your consumers to integrate their complexities with your simple design will create the best user experience.
Don't 'Turn Up' around me... First chance I get I'ma trip yo ass...
I Wish Would RT Thiss<33 LOVE YOU ALEX
Parents should not be criticized for protecting their children. It's their right and their responsibility.
That Jetsets As Well.
Thanks to you both for pointing out some out-of-date language on our website! That was also an old membership list.
One of the greatest Christina-isms of all time.
I hope you'll still be tweeting.
Hey there. Have you recieved any Canopy products yet?
Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart -Winnie the Pooh💛
lol same here. That song is addicting.
If you're not going north of Crestview (Airport & Lamar), it's a dolla for a 2-hr pass. They run about once an hour.
....good stuff
I said oh yeah I forgot to mention. I wouldn't trade a single day for 100 years the other way..
Good job! Thanks for playing!
Ask San Ramon Police Chief Scott Holder where he got stats showing 60% of all juv'l crime is committed on wkdys btwn 8-3 p.m.
10x action bands, a daily reminder, like live strong bands on steroids
Bed, don't let me upp!
Eyes are bad so i will be off for a few days. keep info about my book on the other posts #blooddrainbook #vampire thanks new book out now
Last minute shopping for my moms gift
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
Hey haters you ready for #BOYFRIEND to come out and for to shoot to the top?.... again?
Agreed, but do you think companies are doing this? Or just the initial part?
♀If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse♀
nice TV
cuz he's the perfect combo of size, speed and a shot more accurate then an Olympic archer
Time for bed..... Really tired....Everyone have a goodnight :-)
We, as Americans, Actually Bankrupted AMR
DARN IT!!!! I was this close to finishing my Etch-a-Sketch masterpiece
'Travel Groupie'....I like that. :)
everyday im shufflin ;D
I know, right? I feel so bourgeoisie.
: I see sneakers are back on the extremely profitable items list.. Might get these Lebrons what's the projected flip #NT ?
It's a plug for my new tango ensemble, HotSpacho.
#BandsILove all time low. they got me into the music taste i have now. <3
wow! just wow! that woman on that abc clip must have worked in some alternate reality
I can't belive the boyz are being chippendales. Guess where I'm going trick-or-treating (;
: WHAT. This is awesome!
That is a shame but happens to many. Would have been cool to finally meet you.
American sausage in my English McMuffin
Words are your enemy, my love.
this is when you tell me my tweets are friggen awesome. :D
While other kids stay up late watching porn on their laptops, I watch classic tv.
Have you been to the conference before? It is great!
It's a joke, not a dick. Don't take it so hard.
My team & I G.S.B auditioned & Im wondering when do we find out if we made it?
ask Randy Edsall.
...added your page. Getting an education on how waivers work over on my page. I'm a
thanks for the mention too! lol
Welcome, proud of you for that first step. Try out lots of meetings, you will find ones that feel right. <3
How is everyone's Monday going? What type of workout did you do today?
Need to wake up damnittt, Monday morning is going to be a slap in the face
Set clocks back an hour tonight..
“: Roommate is sleeping all day which means he'll be up all night again -_-" I know exactly how that goes!
REHEHEALLY hard for retarded people to learn new things and have to discuss them over the phone without pissing off the other person!!!!!!!
Couldn't be happier for the Wolves!
were you the daughter...this called for a woman with a 17 year old daughter...
Morning panelist session is over. Time for lunch, poster session and breakout groups!
I honestly love writing the study limitations section of academic papers. It's so liberating.
yeah I love History Channel, interesting classy stuff indeed
Fruit Loops & hot cheetos is doing it right now, I'm even dangling my feet & humming HAPPY ME!
hope u get some good R&R :)
Funny how I used to do anything and everything to avoid having the title of "Soc" - would never have wanted to be called "Social"
Abbrevs are taking over my life
I keep trying to get the music to play louder through my earphones. Volume up, volume up. Probably a bad sign, right? Swear it seems softer.
Lol I saw after the fact
talking Hipmunk at #140cuse. Great tool - sorts flights by agony level. No, seriously.
Happy Monday, fans. Let's accomplish something today!
Don’t let life be a burden. We all know something about being burden.
im about to break in to a verizon store and just take an iphone bahahaha JK
hahah yeah till try! thatd suck =p and btw great job with the cover! sounds really good and also really clear!
Philips, TPV finally ink television joint venture: The companies initially planned to start their partnership late last year, but the...
The pic is so cute!! Your little ladies are so beautiful enjoy!!
Getting ready, making DVDs, wondering how WE ARE WISCONSIN will be received in Canada. Happy May Day everyone! Amie, the Director of WAW
It was $5 mil from Sheldon, then $5 mil more from his wife, Dr. Miriam.
hey Nathan can u follow me?
So excited for my mini vacation to otown this weekend!!
CANCELING THE FINDER & SECRET CIRCLE, THE RIVER? YOU GUYS SUCK. ..... How's everyone's day?
Wow. RT : Let me get this straight. The #Sounders are 7-1-1, have won 5 in a row and have allowed 3 goals on the year?
Follow tonymaccc on instagram, he follows back!
Inspired Farmers workshop starting in 20 mins at Transform a Street on Richmond. Come on Down!
We are goba v
I can't believe it's the last episode for
sick bro
I know it's only 9:25, but I'm thinking about pulling the plug on today.
Just realized I can't play Skyrama anymore since Taiwan is part of China.
Off to play some 1/2 at Indiana Live.
- Joing the #adamstheory talking #Texas recruiting. Interview will be posted to www.espnaustin.com soon.
Yup! -Especially when one isn't trying to compromise, but tryna call all the shots -_-
Which QB are you sick of hearing about; Vick, or Farve?
This is where wearables would come in handy. There's just the dizziness problem to deal with...
no problem :) and thanks for following back!
Hey Amy! Thanks for stopping by yesterday. We hope your Monday is off to a great start -- any big plans for the week?
Kunimasa Suzuki appointed new President, CEO of Sony Mobile - MobileWitch (press release)
Our friends from will be in the house shortly. Enjoy some delicious beer and food paired together perfectly for your enjoyment
...good evening!!!
"Oops." Omg love you.
I wonder how some people can sleep so much ! #envioustweet 😒
Used to really like Madonna - Hoped I'd love Half-time but it was just bizarre. Still way better than Gaga tho - she doesn't wear raw meat.
Leadership is influence. - John C. Maxwell
Packing for Muncie. Tons of fun...
On that late night COMMON tip
give me one reason why i shouldnt hate you
Hahaha. That's true.
It is ALWAYS a great experience to spend time
How about that? The center really will not hold. (I thought that was just something people talked about in books.)
Ah twitter seriously has changed so much, I am still use to the original format. I didn't realize I'd been off that long!
yay. We both in club team extremely lonely lol
Aww well I'll talk to you
thanks for the poster love! For the most part all credit goes to & Garrett Ross &
Ain't no thang. Thanks for writing!
Had to miss school today becuz i got a job interview at hooters hotel casino.
The Sundell spider! That jewelry case is full of good stuff.
13 days left of school. :) I'm so ready for summer.
I'm not sure i'll look
they are so good
Edamame is a much better vice anyway.
re pelosi film: Almost every scene is in a southern baptist church or of people shouting about abortion. No bighollywood.com types seen here
WTF. We just had an earthquake??
This breaks my heart. Please know I will be praying for you!!!
Our performance tomorrow at The Purple Fiddle will help keep music alive in WV and benefit Japan's relief efforts. www.purplefiddle.com
Still utterly confused by webpages with black bg and white text. Point is to bring 'em back for more, not make their eyes bleed.
It's just like the dot com bubble. A shit ton of offerings, we're all spread thin testing them out... but only a few will survive.
Tonight's mussels: 'Black Earth Valley' Chicken of the woods mushroom & baby tomatoes, 'Garden to Be' Anaheim Peppers, Light Cream Broth
Rushers Love Big Time Moms :) hope you're having a great day and the other 4k's are spoiling you!
o ok..i tought you was from here...do u ever come to the MIL?
Birds of a feather flock together on today's show! Be sure to watch in just under 10 minutes!
RT : cannot talk about part of his code breaking because of a non-disclosure agreement with Microsoft
Lets go Sporting!
why does this week have to go by so slow?
So, we'll set the world on fire!!!
School needs to be over already! Over doing hw
Heterosexuality has also caused every abortion and unwanted child in the foster care system-Homosexuality ZERO
#Thunder are definitely beating the Lakers in this series... Sorry Lakers fans.
It's a bleh
No problem! It's a gorgeous day in FL today. How about you?
Aw thank you for the congrats, didn't see it till now <3
does office365 support #cmis with a new authentication mechanism or no CMIS at all?
Well, #RAW is off to another exciting start.
At home on V Day for the first time in 5 yrs. 2 yrs ago I thought we were done. Thank God for 2nd (& 77th) chances!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Freshman floor was shaken at vincent today nbs it was girls gone wild & GD Vs VL all day
niggas is always mad at the go gettas lol funny
whoever goes, take pictures. I'm fascinated already.
liar liar liar liar
great song 👍
I'm in Miami! Excited for #IPRRC. All I've experienced so far is traffic...
Making someone laugh when they're feeling down is one of the best feelings in the world.
thinking of new biscuit flavors..any suggestions?
no pet names unless they are pet names.
Morning menthol. <333
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?" "nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth.
thinking of you at mardi gras party fun times
“: Confessional: I cook my Bacon in the _________ ( oven or microwave).” Both, depends on how far ahead I plan.
miss you more, WHAT have you been doing gf?? Let's get together this wkend
nice congrats!!!
Welcome :) MT : Any hope this week would be less hectic than last vanished 5 min after arriving at the office
": try harder! Don't give up. :D you can do it!" Look at where chris and madison got me in dance
When ever someone says a certain word funny I always find ways to get them to repeat it haha
*Taking a test* My answer is No… “If your answer is no, please explain why.” F*ck it, my answer is yes.
yeah. He dosnt really care, He just wants the hate tonstop on her since she didnt make up the rumor. Im so sorryy
You should update your Twitter bio! ;)
People who keep on about how tired I act/look.
Insert meaningful tweet here :)
It's crazy how the person you used to talk to every day is now a complete stranger.
OR DID YOU?!
Okay, that just made me laugh. My parents are making animal noises at each other. Erm.
What's the best move made by #Brewers GM Doug Melvin? SportsRadio
what can we do?
Hospitality Party TONIGHT 8p-midnight FREE Food & DRINKS! Check out the Lingerie Theme!
“: my phone says 23° lol but its soo boring. Sitting here. :( haha I just rather go” What's 7 degrees
I got kind of tbl that I can b have a $50k stck pretty quickly or b on the rail just ad quick...
“: I hate when I try to show someone something on my phone and they feel the need to grab it.”
Every Friday, we doing it live on the Rooftop at Eden Lounge for "Eden Friday" Happy Hour. Any birthdays coming up- reserve a table.
Wow! Congrats to TEAM CASA who raised over $30,000 at the Baltimore Marathon to support advocacy for MD's Foster Children!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 101
Happy birthday dad !!!
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
no problem bro
Let's move to LA together [;
if u r still online will you please follow and I? Thanks! We love you! :)
Aw, Blackout Becca is the cutest.
Top 10 #Sports stories of the day -- www.USSportspages.com
too much homework
YEA TACO BELL AND BATTING CAGES.! My favorites <3
sounds yummy
nope... hint: I know karate and love helping people
I'm hungry meng 😁
Yiiiiip! On my way.
Seriously the place is kind of overwhelming.
Sometimes you got to get sick and tired of being sick and tired and just beef up to do better than better.
I'm investing it all.....time, money, talent, spiritual abilities......in WHAT? going WHERE? Retirement is an enormous challenge!
that's exactly what I thought when I watched it!
Hey , thanks for the follow--and for the inspiration!
I said it sounds familiar....bc it was my status a couple days ago...but I was just messing around...lol
rediscovering twitter for the first time
How to destroy Catholics - Step 5. Gather leaders at the White House, & tell them not to listen to the Pope
Adele is so great. And she's wearing polka dots.
I always say I'm going to sleep early but here I am...
oh well
you're always cute! If you don't get one soon, I'll try and help you out sweetie, let me know, k?
legends play their career for (or mostly for) one team. See: all the greatest baseball players ever. Now he's just another guy.
Friday!! Hell yea! :D
Drunken late night swims? The best.
I'm my own person I don't care wht others think
i wish this huge house didnt feel so fucking empty
I'm so excited to see my friend today and show off St. Paul by bike! See you soon, Deb!
I came to conclusion, that I would change my tongue ring to a different one since it STILL hasn't healed COMPLETELY
God, it's like enough to give you nightmares.
both very true statements , haha
it's my birthday but my mom is shopping for HER. um rude?
Don't you mean the Knicks are +4.5?
It was so great to have Ella Baff here today for the
you training for something with those? Lol jk
You too.
or I wounder if I might receive a call of one of u ?? Ide love that OMG :D 07979230784 please I love u ♥♥
yup!! For the weekend :)
School in a few :/
oh cool. Your number still the same?
I do like the occasional salad...tossed.
I'm retarded, I thought today was the 2nd for some reason lol..!!
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Happy birthday!!! 19 isnt that exciting tbh, last yr as a teen officially
You are so awesome! Thanks!
Daily Special, Tue 03/20/12 - Lightly seasoned pork chop served w/ mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and dressing. While it lasts! $6.09
of course :)
It takes skill to trip over a bug
but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dream with open eyes to make it possible.....RT RT
it is possible but they would have showed it and made it more clear, apparently 2 more shows left this season
BBQ being served before 8am
Some People Aren't Happy Unless They Miserable
Deng is Thibs' security blanket, so I doubt it too. But the Bulls do need to score it better to get past the Heat.
"He still writes blogs." "Oh really...?" "Yeah." -epistemology, on the boundaries of itself
preach it, c selfe, preach it! Love the quote on digital affordances being no minor matter.
just seen 5 tweets with H.I.M. in it .
Thanks Wade
Dale Jr
Yesterday's institutions failing: It's Reconstruction all over!Civil War wreaked havoc on nation;globalization, industrialization.
I get to see #TheHungerGames TODAY! At 3PM! I'm jumping for joy!!! =]
would u like to be the 100th person to follow me?
currently moving. I'll be in by memorial day
Revenge is one of my fav shows 😉
Get ready for a new fish at your local restuarant. I believe Lion fish are every bit as tasty as Hogfish. I really enjoyed eating them 2day
Apparently soldiers and Marines don't need AC in their tents
No. Please. No. Xx
HA!!! just read....november baby....that explains alot!!!!! scorp or sag???
Thanks for the follow Happy Weekend!
Those moments in life when my best friend calls me and she's high as the sky and I can't understand a damn word she's saying.
i think we need one last talk. so i can forgive yuh...and forget yuh.!
Shorter Healthcare: Obama wants to make us eat our peas but swears he won't make us eat our broccoli.
when doctor gives you weak pain killers < still hurting doc
Fascinating topic for a series, yet I believe they would be better served focusing the discourse around more clear criteria
Lunch break! Finally!
I'm down
This book is rocking our world right now: www.roomthebook.com. What books are rocking your world?
Diana Ross is super boss. Beyonce Knowles is outta controls.
"Dad, no offense or anything, but why the fuck are you calling me?"
yes, melanie was AWESOME! I just ordered my dress a couple weeks ago! And I got a job at enterprise!
WTF was w/ Angry Mumbling Guy behind me @ afternoon session? "mumble mumble kick his ass mumble damn academic mumble"
lol we do resemble each other a bit.
Omg... That's me all day. I AM the music video to most songs, while I'm driving. ;)
we did! Good luck
i do
Pizzeria UNO on NJ-73 is advertising its tap lineup for Beer Week.
what are you doing before B.O.TB's???
Infinity & Beyond.
LOL. so you switching up my words n tryin to make me look like a creep? Oh.
Burger King uses an average of 1/2 million pounds of bacon every month in its restaurants.
or the walls stare too much
omg me too! Ugh Kristen stewart
#AskMel why do people still talk like #RG3 is going to the colts?
The Freak is pitching against the Dodgers today. Why aren't we there? Oh right, because we're going to Santa Barbara to see Thom Yorke.
#SeniorYearMemories ... We almost killed someone and got hit at the same time in Oakland w/ &
Appreciate the RTs and everything. Glad Jackson's extension is complete. Now he and Spiller just need to be focal points of #Bills offense.
Glad I got to see Kiara and Kolbie today! ☺
My Mom's birthday was on Friday and I forgot. How do I make up for that? Uff.
yeah it was great! i think that was like a couple of years ago right?
“: A horse walked into a bar.. Several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger in the situation.” hahahah!
what's your name?(:
Dwayne is like freaking out with so much work over "Empire State". We are working really hard on it. Liam & I are already used 2 it. Xoxo ♥
And now something for the ladies... Thanks
Check my French.
all like to - Tomorrow 8pm in NYC!
or at least a map where you can pull Texas away (kidding)
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
thx for your message to upwithchris! We really appreciate your support.
28 degrees out and yes, I've had a flip-flop sighting on campus.
Saw 5 deer across the street from our daycare this morning. I think it's a sign.
Love the dashboard view: Much quicker (and easier) to gain instant overview of stats. Thumbs up to your UX/I team.
Hello. I'd certainly like to introduce myself and my work, which is public art. I'd love to have you stop by the studio.
Alas for those that never sing, But die with all their music in them! ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
Childish Gambino has the cutest personality
Thank you, we appreciate the support and look forward to hearing from your writers!
: 1700 pink slipped. Cost of $122 million shortfall
This Atleti game is looking ugly. Barcelona is already up 3-0 and its only 30 minutes in...
welcome to twitter my friend!!
I prefer Justin bieber but Camron
Tonight at : Tori Pater, Chris Sheldon, Fleeb Keith Thomas and the return of Eric Martinez!!! 10pm and FREE!!
Good morning
At antony + the johnsons. He is doing a beyonce cover
Good lucky finding caches. Great fun for the kiddies.
i need book recommendations for reading while in Aruba
Definitely more for him than me! Poor guy!
Me to:3
Our new songs are coming along pretty nice!!!! Happy about it... :)
Really Missin a certain someone
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
I would not be surprised if 2 chainz committed suicide because of twitter lol
All Time Low
thanks for the follow!
That's not fair... John Legend can't help it. RT Why the hell do people try to make Christmas songs sexy?
Kobe Bryant is good, but honestly he's no Jeremy Lin
Watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective Sunday at Noon on WPWR
Congratulations to everyone for putting forth such hard work this past term! Enjoy your break - you earned it!
President of , Burt Kummerow speaking now.
Today, celebrates 100,000 students over the last four years spending the day job shadowing AT&T employees all across the company!!!!!
Cotton tale designs Mosquito Net, Lollipops and Roses On Sale ...
Researchers found that we experience a release of pleasurable chemicals in the brain (endocanabinoids) after an intense workout!
You'll never really can fix my heart..
In some states, not wearing your seat belt during a car accident can reduce or even negate your compensation for damages....
My thoughts exactly!!!
thanks for the follow flak!!! Got your hands on #maxpayne3 yet? Truly amazing game.
be safe traveling to ''the top of the world'' this wknd!!!!
that's a good question. I guess id do her but not date her so not hot enough!!! Next!!! LOL
Brandon Inge hit a grand slam last night? Of course he did
LAST CHANCE TO ENTER: Tell us what movie you want to see for a chance to win 2 FREE tickets!
Newark boy is helping celebrate it's 20th Birthday today
Hello to Joyce and Sara! Thank you!
It's like #christmas in painting class today - just got a new tube of white paint!
Nirvana live from Seattle's Paramount Theater on Halloween night in 1991, on Palladia right now.... Watch music history as it was being made
miss yours too! Happy you remember who I am! & yeaa we do. You have my number hooker ☺
thanks!! now to fill those empty shelves below...
that oddly looks a lot like my apt
Thanks. I'm interested in assessment for sure. Basically looking to think harder/more systematically abt teaching in general
I went into the freaking kitchen for a snack lol. Whoops
Nice Work ! RT : And PBWA gives the the Bryan McIntyre award for a PR staff that consistently goes above and beyond.
Time does fly! cannot believe we were launching Dell's command center a year ago (yesterday)... so much evolution since then!
#thingsigetalot you're fat! Or... * makes fat joke * * looks at me to see if it's okay*
#Lakers lost yesterday was ridiculous! I'm in it for the long haul #LA but almost 30 points?!!?!! C'mon guys!
the east side, around kohls & lowe's.. customers were legit screaming at us. yeah someone hit the tower, we can go with that lol
100 lovely followers! Thank you guys, love you all!!
AY LADIES WE HAVE NEW PURSES IN!!!!
We need to redefine the grid and find a way to extend our reach & engage members of our kehilah kesoshah
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite!
yup the whole city smoked out today!
This Wednesday is our CYR April Happy Hour! Meet fellow liberty lovers on Hubbard from 6-8pm
I'm eating yogurt nearly every day too, lost 10 lbs in the last 30 days. And like the mice, I, too, am feeling shiny.
how about elena (Zeta Jones) from Zorro. Just need a sword, cool period dress, and blow out the hair?
Hey Avril how are u?
I'm so sick of having this life. Just once I wish it were easy and I was good enough.
Snack like a pro with the rich and nutty taste of Heartland Creamery Landmark Aged Goat Gouda $5.49/lb. more than 50% off!
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!! Ahh! Thank you :)
Never thought I would retweet a Rupert Murdoch line.
#LABELLEMAFIA "PUT ON FOR OUR CITY" Concert Series THIS THURSDAY AUG.25th at #ReserveLounge COME OUT & SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL ARTISTS!
RT : "Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing, that we see too late the one that is open."Alexander Graham Bell
hello wht's up how's ur day
we would love to hear what the students are saying!
are we showing any interest in tolbert or bush??
#Realism is the Family of Light!
keep thinking that and yes I would like fries with that
thats 99 less things I gotta worry about...
Brown is not a spring or summer color though! Disappointment!
“Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin.” Robert Collier
Fado, heading there now
Have seen or done on of these in a while . Which one should I do . 1D fan video or Justin bieber fan video??? Tweet mee(:
i even made a resume & it still didnt work...
yes tweeps...even though I watched earlier....#H50 is currently on AFNTV Korea now........
A warm welcome to our newest intern Dani, !
thank you for the tip, and for coming last night!
Looking for google site map generator for pinnacle cart. Would be really nice add-on.
wait, more to life than work? huh?
never a problem being good to good people. Be sure to let me know how/if I can help you in the future.
Tonight's agenda: Attend IA/UX meetup, watch LOST, sleep. Hopefully in that order.
Same as***
Apparently, youtube is blocked at the car dealership. :P
stay in it. focus.
Once we have more details on the party we'll let you guys know how much it'll be per person and when/where it is (:
Yes, "tape". We're so old-skool.
The only trend worth mentioning is #RnBThrowBacks. The rest are dumb lol
I wonder if honey cocaines pussy actually tastes like honey..
I saw your tweet about spotting the poster, have you tried the app by any chance?
*Exaggerate and distort* is a good description
don't it taste a little like cough syrup? or (gasp) wine?
being judged on the content of your character doesn't seem to be working out for you.
you better :)
the Knicks and bucks are fighting for that 8 spot
Why would you just want to sit inside and watch TV. You are wasting everyone ones time. Get off you lazy ass!!!!
in downtown applying for jobs and all i see is may day protesters being gay.
lol, well u know..i try jkjk :D
Conda has completely ruined this season of The Biggest Loser.She has a horrible attitude. Shameful.
happy birthday
Jay-Z had 99 problems, now he has a 100.
keep on dreaming, even if it breaks your heart. < 3
Yeah. I'm done. I have nothing. I'm completely empty...
So happy you'll be joining us in Canton!
That Is So Sweet <3
I had too many carbs & now I'm exhausted :/
Statefair= over. Lets celebrate with some deep fried oreos.
Now put Sean Burnett in for the 9th just to rub it in
Interview at 2!
Less than two hours my newest YT vid shall be posted. I started last Friday and is/are finishing on Sunday o.O
Mind in one place, heart in another
I like it: Broncos #nfldraft pick is big tough white dude. Can we call him Derek Wolfe "Blitzer" since he rushes QBs well?!
I think it would make an awesome blog post. Glad so many in #emchat disagree w statement
Good morning Twitter world.. have a great day.
I did... It has me intrigued so I'm def going to watch a couple more episodes at least! Plus it's filmed in my hometown!
I read that MNF gets last choice of games behind the other major networks now.
glad you like the app for , Kevin! We are super excited to release it.
The SEC....the best teams that money can buy!
I forgot that song by Hot Chelle Rae called I Like To Dance. I feel cool cause I haven't heard it in so long. :p
Aint nothin more dope than fried chicken and orange juice in tha morn
We know, we know. "Did I just bring up Nazis at TribeFest waw-waw." at
Got to love In-service day here Looking forward to some presentations here this afternoon with
Thanks for including me :)
There is always more mystery. ~Anais Nin
eyes so mild and wise, don't I know you better than the rest?
OK Bill, here goes, but reluctantly: Go Vikings
Day 1 of Sobertober. Circumvented a caffeine headache by taking 3 ibuprofens. So far, so good.... Ballroom lessons start tonight!
On my way to the WORLD PREMIER of
So awesome to see The Cardinals trending. #STL, my hometown, roll baby roll!
Need to get a stop here.
Happy New Year 2012 from !
thanks girl!
i like the word swimmingly.
woke up at 3am because I was starving.
So is that a good thing or a bad thing? Slows you down or makes you want to read more?
Hugh Laurie has a sense of humor.
Sometimes We Walk Away To See Who Cares Enough To Follow <3 (:
who are you and what did u send to me?
See the brightest lights as we descend into the fires of Wilkes-Barre and dad mentions seeing some sign about a Mohican dog track.
yes, but it doesn't matter because GAY MARRIAGE!!!
What a beautiful night with people people fun people... :)
night night cuz
Kimmie, it was a pleasure serving you your morning coffee, I hope to see you 2morrow, try the drink of the day
Happy New Year everyone!
I stopped for a month. But started again 3 weeks ago. Now I gotta do it again
pfft. I sent it from the gym. And with no wifi. (uphill too ;) )
I want to change the World like Andrew Carnegie or John D. Rockefeller.
Quite accidentally, I've coined a term for type of reading I like to do. Like a chicken. No lexile. No age range. I am a free-range reader.
Not ironic, it's the truth! email me...
Congrats to both of you and thanks for celebrating with us!
Happy mother's day to all mothers especially to
Riding in an elevator with Jeff Francoeur and Billy Butler on Cinco De Mayo. Saturday Night Bucketlist complete.
#ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
#honorthestripes <---- Dave is a legend! please tell him that from me:D
she ia my little baby
Developing countries are leap frogging PCs straight into mobile devices. They are becoming the next big group to market too
So that wasn't bad for the Oscar night. We all had a great time;D Thanks to all for coming.
Our apologies, We would love your feedback to improve our service. Could you give us a call uptown? 504.897.5535
it's the Bourbon Street steak with real chucks of gutter waste.
What is wrong with me?
would you charge 3.99 for gas and have 2 cars there or 3.69 for gas and have 19 cars waiting there. I am 1 of the 19 cars waiting in line.
in assembly hall just like they did you all. #notworried we win by 15 this time.
for what position tho. Prolly dealer
lol , hey im cool with that . long as we're winning <3 & i did feel a tiny sting , lol .
Okay im getting ready to check my Facebook!!
Your everything I ever wanted. Your still mine, but not for long..
The Bob Dylan tribute show at the Exclusive company was awesome! Everybody there received a bottle of beer containing Bob's cig ashes.
great updates... thanks for keeping me posted :)
In need of a dj ?
“: I hate missing people -.-” lol me too.
Awesome day at work!
its custom, if its just a clip that I already made-- for clipsforsale or something its different. :)
Let me show what your missing
no problem :)
6 miles in 43.02. 43min was goal, so relatively satisfied. 20mph headwind on back half was killer. Shooting for 1:40 Half
Sounds very cool! Tell us how it goes! RT Today's activity in my Secrets class: Mapping Byatt's Possession - the low tech version:
Back in the college town!
yeah i know.
did you pick up your cap n gown yet? My mom wants to no if they give us graduation announcements. Lol
Yeah, Ill pass on that. Same reason I don't date hot girl bartenders. Those relationships are doomed to fail. :(
oh my word no way? what a story.... maybs i don't wanna go anymore 😳
Cooking demo tonight at The Clifton Inn - Turkish food - m - I wonder what Tucker will be cooking up ?
I miss softball already. The game and the girls. Nothing else.
Pick-up Line: Have sex with me and I promise never to talk to you again!
One thing that has translated well from my life as a scientist to my life as a designer is the ability to write clear, specific proposals
Runyon was HOT today folks. Whew!
i feel ya. i'm on it. dm me
I really can't decide on what kind of pointe shoes I want for next year, someone help me 😣
Give your testosterone production a healthy, natural boost with a ZMA supplement taken before bed. Avoid consuming calcium at the same time.
"Let me tell ya the story about the call that changed my destiny" backstreet boys you are always #1 on my list.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Sonic breakfast burrito... Surprisingly good. Phone's autocorrect... Sucks beyond belief.
Columbus friends! Will anyone be around June 8-10? Debating splurging on a ticket for that weekend to visit...
I SAY WE KEEP IN OFFICE CUZ HE A CELEBRITY & AMERICAN PPL ONLY LISTEN 2 CELEBRITIES NOT REGULAR PPL
<3 Woody Allen's latest couple of films. What a dream to be in one!
The rain is nice. But it sure makes for a dreary day.
Advice: find people you want to go into biz with first, then think up idea. Success better, MUCH better if shared w/cool tweeps!
Wow, finally caught up with what happened. Good for you realizing your mistake and trying to right the ship.
RT CEO of Friendship Pub. Charter School Donald Hense: You dont do this alone, I've got a lot of wind beneath my wings.
Thank you! Glad you found it interesting!
Fun time in the studio mixing some vocal tracks and messing around with my synths. Have a great night or day!
We have just opened a new office in Bartlett, TN..who has kept this place a secret !!! No State taxes, low costs, great location
Not asking how to make YOU chant, big fella...
y'all better show out
Thanks for the RTand the follow!
Break up the ! LOl
ED CIO Danny Harris on "Protecting Students From Unauthorized Access" - what do breaches do to the TRUST of the American people?
Electronic dream mood
this crazy idea that we were trying to change them. and can some of you stop calling us whores? you need to fucking learn there are (c)
5 year old at the shop today really wanted to know why the water cooler releases a big air bubble
city son, commmerical:)
RT : If Rick Santorum is the answer, the question must be, "How can America become less educated and more pregnant?"
in 5 days there could be another couple conferences on the list. Never underestimate vindictive Bo
Bay knows how to be moms favorite he promised me he would get edward to be in the movie hes making
I care! An incredible sport, an incredible day! US sports should adopt the promotion/relegation model!
Purposely messing up in "temple run" to get a better look at wtf actually chases u.
That's Volstad's fault, terrible, pointless throw to LaHair. Walk him back, then make throw if necessary - BB
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park. Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
when is the #brewers #Sox game again?
YOU'VE GOT THIS KEL!! YOU'LL BLOW THEIR SOCKS OFF TMR! :D
I just have to announce to my MANY followers what outstanding, gifted and dedicated people Mattea, Luc and Terri are, I am tres lucky...
Umm I just called sugar snap peas: sweet peas in a cocoon.
bout to go for a walk though, wide awake for no reason. rolling up when i get back, it's only right.
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose 4 you will become like them. W. Clement Stone
Always be proud of any child who succeeds at anything productive, even if its not yours
damn cry baby ass kids
Me & many others... rightfully so don't u think? Ideal and reality is two different thing. We need to be smart.
Art is a way of seeing, of picking out detail, to observe, to experience, and to feel. Nina Wise
Its windy! (:
I think I'm gonna hit the sack. Goodnight.
Taster's Choice
first I've heard of that. thanks for sharing
Bed soon:)
Happy New Year Jacob!
“: Does anybody know what time Duke plays Saturday?”//About Dark-Thirty.
I know! And thanks, lady, for all the help and getting that story into shape.
omg i love those almonds!
Don't feel good today :(
We need to start crock potting ourselves, marinating... #catalyst Dallas
thank you for the follow and welcome to our circle.
There's always a person you don't know but you always make eye contact with whenever you see each other
Get out and enjoy!! RT : Please enjoy today...tomorrow is not looking too good weatherwise
Thanks “: Congrats job well done sir”
When ever i see Austin i swear i'm gonna kiss him YOLO
When ugly girls get preggo you get the same feeling you would when someone you didn't know well but went to school with dies..
Baby can you play the role
I'm reading Carlos Castañeda's books again. I can't understand how Don Juan resisted slapping some sense into Carlos.
What's the weirdest concept you've seen for a production of #RomeoandJuliet? Or any other Shakespeare for that matter.
Jesse Morgan has averaged 9.8 ppg but against teams from Philly, his hometown, he's averaged 14 ppg in six games including today.
Have the Steelers ruled out putting Fergie on the field? She looked pretty terrifying in her robo-gladiator-football getup
Different parts of life hav been so different, I feel like 4 different people by now
The Boy says we're going to a stand-up show tonight- hm what to wear???
Let me log off...
Nothing I hate more than finding a 2 inch folder labeled "Unfiled Miscellaneous"
This is useless garbage. Why are you posting it?
A4: Always build buffer into project quote so you can "magically" fix whatever has gone wrong.
Hello, this is Carson the Butler of Downton Abbey, to whom am I speaking? (Loudly!)
youre the most amazing boyfriend in the whole entire world :)
oh wow!!!! Tht must hurt!
Followers, have a lovely weekend (and don't forget the SPF)!
EW. A bird just shit on my shoulder -_-
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
It's National Volunteer Week. Tell us how you choose where to volunteer?
What's new? Anything super rock and roll?!
I wish Emily's tweets were not sent to my phone. How did this happen?
ha, barely! Only to jump back in on Monday. Get 'er done! And good luck!
So how do you guys like our Spring issue?
Awesome show last night Pgh! Akron, oh tonight!
You may be 110.7 thousand km away, but you're still in my heart.
AnotheR NYC date just announced>>>>>> May 31 We will be live in hARLEm! See u there!
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE INSURE UNTIL YOU ARE SECURE IN GOD<3
yeah, what a song! Just a perfect little parcel of droney gorgeousness.
Boot! Never wouldve thought of that. I've been doing the waistband tuck - terrified it's going to slip out the bottom of my skirt.
The disappointing moment when the person in front of you at Walmart has all vegetables and you have poptarts, soda, and doritoes.
Very busy weeks to come, I might think about good planning
I know there is ratchetness in Ohio.
“: At work watching our supervisor perform on CBS :) ”>>>Awww YAY! Glad you all caught the show 😁
Saw this story today and thought MM would like this. Looked at the byline and it's you! (p.s. I like hoodies).
I don't know much more yet. I'm still planning it out.
I can hardly wait 4 this book. I'd buy it for the cover alone, but the blurb looks just as good. Looking 4wrd 2 your review.
this shit is too easy - freakin Brady
We have passed all previous referenda under govt. duress. Mostly stupid advice. Reason Ireland is on Titanic path.
I hope he brought u some hands and a shot
We need a volunteer #photographer for a #PR event w/Dell in the #Austin area (Georgetown) on 4/13 at 4pm. DM us if you are interested!
I am! We should catch up, hit me up on gmail or fb and we can coordinate...
No, I just like taking pics of the cats.
Happy to have completed most of run before this morning's deluge.
happy birthday Usher !
I am in the great state of , literally at a festival of beer, The Dubuque On Ice Brewfest.
Pistachios are so good. You can't have just one
Nice, Dragon Dictation works pretty well!
Nice to see some love for DD! She was the top box office draw of the 1960s.
Broke 200k in #templerun #newhighscore how the hell do ppl get in the millions?!!
Tonite MCPl Lac Folmc Fol joint meeting. So Many acronyms to plan for this year of action!
PRO TIP: Trader Joes Spicy Thai Noodle Salad is delicious.
glad you had a great visit :)
she is busy winning lots of money.
something for school
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you got the hold color of the rainbow in your hair!
Did my civic duty and voted!
remember to back them up 1st.
For the best chance at getting coverage, find a similar topic, and call up the same reporter to suggest a follow up story.
I can't believe the day is over already
I hate stupid ass ppl
don't let it kill ya. Lok at it this way: they better be spending theri energy talking about you
My punishment is stay up until you do twice as much you lazy dumb useless shit.
Its snowing. Da heck.
Cold Steel Peace Keeper I Knife San Mai I Steel - knives made in japan
I also enjoy raggae, and country, mostly shania twain. How about you what are some more of your music interests.
new budweiser ad w grumpy man in a bar is direct ripoff of what can't Adam complain about. deserve royalties.
This is like the ALL STAR GAME of
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
Making love to the money , I swear the sex greeeeaaatt !
me too, though the worst is "preso" (both pronunciations equally heinous)
Too glorious for words- the weather today- and all the better for the bittersweet knowing it won't be so lovely much longer!
I need to wake up at 6 a.m. tomorrow.
Thanks for the shout out earlier. Hope to see you on the golf course soon.
my legs would fall of after like 2 yards
Happy Birthday, ! Have a wonderful day!
I know!! UCP has a more organized (& antiseptic) storage for ms. I haven't found quite as much vibe for photos here yet. Looking!
hey ninja what's poppin❔❔❕❔❕❔
Wordlovers, what word would you want to delete from the English language? Words Came In, Marked for Death… via
My gun ah go gunshot .
Canadian Slam Baby!
Let's make it happen....but after next week!
sorry i didnt answer.. gotta keep my line clear in case jades school calls.
go look at the video
I give up on gradient nails.
I just posted short piece on How to Prepare the Message You Want to Communicate Around Change. I'd like to hear your reaction, additions, e…
Motherfuggin bitches are lurkin. On a happier though-WE BETTER FUCKING NOT HAVE SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!.
. QUITTERS always prosper!!!!! At least we think so.
I try and try but you never come back...!
The backs of the Brewers' jerseys look like they were designed by the Microsoft Office paper clip.
Attending The American Legion Department of Indiana Spring Conference's general session.
Love me some sutton
Check your email when you get back. Apologies.
And thanks to for giving us all a voice and sharing Philly's treasures with the world! Happy New Year friends!
watching PR videos on youtube!!
Making butter grill chicken wit spinach w/ cheese n ranch dressing wit garlic bread on the side
I don't WISH he were dead...I just wouldn't miss him if he were...
Keeping the sticker on the ballcap is like keeping the plastic on the couch
& I are trying to sound like Scooby Doo On The Telephone
Great Wolf Cub Scout den meeting tonight. Boys learned fire safety & roasted marshmallows. A beautiful evening!
Will filming of "Mall Cops" be taking place tomorrow for One Direction's signing? ;)
Happy Birthday Torrey! Hope its a good one!
"We need libraries now because we're in a complex information environment" -ALA President Roberta Stevens.
Rainy Saturdays
just did! let us know when you'll be around. we can make something work for sure!
“: Getting ready to see at salon!! Ready for a change!”Whoo hoo!! See u soon!!!!
penelope cruz
I want to love again, but I'm just too insecure.
Oh, also, I know it's only May, but this year I'm dressing as Hel for Halloween. No one liked my sexy neon costume last year, but
its totally worth it if you wanna waste time like me
Follow back :D
Gomez rips a single to left to get things started.
One of my favorite things about #waal2012: hearing library issues presented in a Wisconsin accent. It makes my ears happy.
Either you can whine or you can climb- I choose the later.
oh haha well, I'm going to bed anyways:) byye
Wow, the drama at Dionysus is intense. Years and screaming and it's not even 8pm!
Does anyone have my diamond player sweater. This girl wants to buy it for 40 dollars. Ah I need to find it
I can't believe that just happened....
. This one is for you. Best luck tonight. You shouldn't need it though as you deserve to win!
Yeah, I have a friend that failed it twice in one day lol. And my parents refuse to give me rides to classes or let me ride a bus
Really tempted to read Bill Clinton's book after his interview with Jon Stewart. He sounds like he has some idea how to get out of the mess
oh that sounds lovely. i may be in synagogue of all places (?) but i think it could work. i haven't been in so long!
Who's out there enjoying this beautiful weather?
give & co. my best regards, as well :) i hope to share out more work soon re: cave research done to prep for a field trip
ok first question who was the first guy too submit vitor belfort by submission?
Brads in Flagstaff... And I miss him more than ever...
yo chick she so thirsty.
We can discuss this topic on any day of the year & you choose Mother's Day. I don't support this discussion today.
that looks amazing!
“: #shoutout Dope Person Go Follow em yall!”and she appreciates tha love thank u
So we hope to see you there TONIGHT for Whiskey's Chicks First F#%$ Valentines Day Party!
And I know there are people in my life who call themselves my friend that wish failure upon me. Keep on wishing. I'm coming out on top
Hope everyone has a Happy Easter, and we look forward to seeing everyone at next Friday's Open House Party!
hey Peru Loves 1D!!!!
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
If you have kids, you should watch this video clip: www.cdc.gov/CDCTV/MixingTamiflu
the fact that this website isn't letting me buy my VIP tickets for HCR is depressing me, I'm legit about to cry
Essay writing mode!
Even in your darkest moments, if you look up - you will see the LIGHT.
The heart of a Business Plan is to identify challenges and to come up with creative potential solutions. In life it is rarely smooth sailing
If you keep yourself open to the energies swirling around you, you will always be reminded of life's beauty. Be open with ALL that exists.
what if we accompany it with an attempt at a fist bump?
Well never be the same because I broke our promise..
no doubt, but this was also important for the oscars to clean up their image imho
HANNAH'S HOUSE!!❤
Hey I am a huge fan of u. It would mean the world if you followed me back. :-)
I bought the cutest tank for the beach Sunday ;)
Im probs guna call u at like 1. just in case u were wondering
Smfh at the thunder right now.
Realized today that the "send all calls straight to voicemail" button on my work phone had been pressed. :(
Hate the non prescription glasses look! Never understood it lol
Mrs. Metcalf just plucked me big time
Our 20 month old has decided naps are no longer to his liking. Instead, says "Uh oh" over and over while playing in crib.
To all of those going to the #FancyFoodShow.... What days are you planning on going???
I'm sorry.... I only like the nice dinosaurs... Not the scary ones :/
You'll do great. :)
Wondering how many kids are watching #Glee and wondering what this song is...
. The one I was looking at today said "Serving Middleboro since 1852." Doesn't every state in the union have a Middleboro?
diaper: a euphemism for creativity
Are dogs allowed on the patio?
Just shut up
PK fans cut cake, threw papers on screen, screamed, hooted and whistled in theaters for GS. No one dares stop us.
the second question is the hard one to answer. Assuming it was 95%+ equity, then makes me wonder what FB is really worth...
The Picasso exhibit at the Seattle Art Museum is rad!
IUSUW is planning to volunteer at the Salvation Army's Thanksgiving dinner this Saturday! Stay tuned for details!!
We are okay--I'll let you know if things get worse. (I've decided not to get on the ladder in a hurricane). Thanks for the offer!
Start posting the pics and I will be back later! The one with the most likes wins the SWAG Packet!
I paid to much,You niggas play to much
first SeamlessWeb experience: fairly seamless. hardest part was remembering its brand name means "a way to get food" not "a design blog"
Thanks much for the RT!
hello great work
why so we engage with this clown theron? I just hate people spewing misinformation and racebaiting. How are you today in AA?
We're all about the freshly made dough, for sure. But hey, even if you don't with a pizza we got some pretty sweet promos! :-)
I always want to make the Skyline Chili dip on the back of the box but then soon realize that I'm way too lazy for that.. "MOM!"
I have noting to do! I would love to sleep but I dont want to! Ah!
life would suck wit out music
Useful shortcuts using the Windows key ... - CNET Australia
Sure, come give me a new hot plate at 8 45 AM. I'm ready.
that's how I feel about nincompoop
That sounds awesome, gotta tell my friends to check that out!
that's so many! We are out of control!!
I love getting flashbacks of some of the best moments ever and then wish I could do them all over again.
me too
But we arent talkg about priv. healthcare. the gov currently pays for these pop. - so, how does THIS reform CHANGE anything?
The life of a go getta!!!
I love the pictures. Keep sendin' em! I think we can all use some blue sky and water . . . and beaches!
I'm feeling a little off today. Would you like to turn me on?
THE WAY U ACTIN
Even an xs is too big for me, what the hell.
De-bloating my … thank the maker for the "edit all pages/bookmarks" … makes the task decidedly less tedious.
U kno Craig got fired 2 day rite..?Nigga we got high ....nigga we got fuckeddd up in voice lol
Hope u have fun
saving money for CATurday tomorrow.
more athletic
MT Beautiful Day<<I agree I plan on getting a sunburn!
would've said hi if I saw them. SO SORRY! Hate when that happens, texting is like that to. Don't always get them or see them
is it life imitating art perhaps the conversation labor day is interesting The Alexandra Theater San Francisco District
I guess died.le sigh~
please follow :)
#UnderTheMistletoe haha. is it weird that I sing Christmas songs in the summer?
you don't even know how much poor grammar bothers me!
i think he is a very important component although it may not seem like it.
Ok now that I reached 30 followers I'll reveal my secret I think is really beautiful
Go Lakers! Make me proud!
Cut Asik tonight.
Join us and for #SpeakUpforKids Tweetchat TONIGHT 5/8 at 7PM ET: Parenting in the digital age. Ask q's at
seeing woman naked period!!!
HEY - I just got 3 pairs of pants and a pair of shorts (a day late) and they're all too small! Can I exchange these in NY??
Start trending #BVBForSuperBowl or I will come and kill u! Haha just playing or am I??
"I wish they weren't called the 'bush tax cuts'". -GW Bush. real quote
you are attractive and pretty, and plus everyone is beautiful in there own way
Emergency evacuation! Man, I feel sorry for the guy takin a shit...
happy thanksgiving Julia
Just when you think your kid is all grown up, they get hurt and you realize they will always be your little kid no matter how old.
Stop by for lunch today - RT : Lunch today 11 am - 2 pm. Come by and see us!
I don't even have a penis and that thought hurts.
I'm going to treat her to something nice.
my mom asked me why I don't invite boys over and i had to tell her that it's because I don't know any 😒
Don`t be confused, I am still the same person, I just change subjects once in a while, wonder what I`ll do next...
Q1 What are affirmations? Explain.
Guys that know FYI grow your hair out!
I think we're going to try to have her own the fast version. Do you want to own the slower version? Like a Side A/Side B thing
whats up in Tanzania?
This ole PROJECT HOE!!!!
hahaha - she does have that 'why is a marching band following me' look on her face :)
": are you ?" Yeah home cooling
Extra innings! Campbell retires three straight batters to keep USA alive in the game. Tied 2-2 at the top of the eighth.
that would probably be a good idea:p I hear they're selling fast :o
I'd travel to Orlando! From Kentucky to Wisconsin is a pretty long drive, too!
If you have questions about our products or would like us to suggest an item, call us NOW > 1.877.737.5578
your lucky!! how is it going to be in BOP magazine?
agreed Vegas never ceases to amaze me which is why I enjoy visiting for unconventional reasons.
Good day at work, now to go home to my awesome family and then play some basketball! :)
Can I Pretty Please Get A Tweet Or Follow? I Love You And It Would Literally Mean The World To Me! (:
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER can I get an on air shoutout?? #chicago gets down with the Dog!!
Congrats to Always working.
Give this status a LIKE if you're a Milwaukee Brewers fan...cause we have something special coming up if we see some true Brewers love!
Damn when I get a ticket :/ tf
Not shitting you... I own a 35 year old saddle that's been rode hard and it looks better than her.
btw- see you in a few weeks. I got the travel grant for the aamc conference!
#ufinterface bots probably picked up your other hashtag 'cause it started with a well-known abbreviation for funking flying things.
its a great song
Crab Salad= Best Lunch Ever!
I guess im staying home this #halloween =/
Happy Birthday!!!
play offs Saturday
Good morning! I'm excited to meet with a new #amediting client today and getting very close to finishing a year-long project.
Baseball tweet: Can Roenicke please move Rickie to 6 and move Lucroy up to the 2-hole?
Happy to meet new #health and #food #followers Wellness Portal aka
Life is without liberty if only some are free.
Hey let's meet for real at some point today...
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child. Hope it's not appendicitis. Wishing you all the best.
NPR just referred to the debates around electoral college reform as "nerdy rancor." new. favorite. phrase.
Good News in Downtown Seattle: Residential population is climbing, occupancy rates are up, and number of restaurants and bars has increased.
Our new album #Medusa should get a review by
#celticschat Rondo. Already has 4 assists
My high school sweetheart (whom I coincidentally almost married in 2008) and I talk every single day. If you love someone, keep them around.
we have custom printed tees I talking about hand drawn custom vehicles you want your custom chopper we can do it
thank you for hosting your #languedoc class with us!
who wanted the details on the used GT-541? please direct message me.
"I know him, and he does." "Well, you're my fact-checking otolaryngologist."
Fr. CV: "No academic speaking engagements or academic conference invitations will be accepted after 3/15/2011 & through the end of 2012."
Freddie got a job! :)
You can call me Bob Carter.
Book #VIP sections EARLY to save! Text 414.335.9569. Reserving in advance means we add FREE COVER & LINE SKIP for everyone in your group*!
ohh haha I remember that. Ya she was more clueless than me clearly
My computer is ready to die. This is not helping my stress level.
she is so nice and any news
good night sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite if they do throw their shoe haha idkk I made the ending up <3
Count down!!! 2 days til HOLIDAY IN MOTION!!! CALL THE STUDIO IF YOU NEED ANY INFO (305)751.2229
Come kiss me then!!!
Thanks to you as well!
We were born in this specific time purposely! We r the chosen people called 2 bring God's LOVE 2 the Hurt, Lost, Dying, Rejected-The WORLD!
That was then, and this is now, not looking back.
THANKS Ande, for the RT and read. You, my dear, are a class act!
Pray for she's depressed
My mom is better than yours
Awesome. Downloading right now for my late May trip!
yes bro thanks gonna make something nasty with em
Going to take a shower. Then maybe get on here. Then play the wii. Hopefully. idk. I'm hungry. D: Brb.
Avery was AMAZING in her play tonight!! Brava, Ave!!
In honor of Veterans Day the featured sites are Vietnam Veterans Memorials in NYC (Lower Man app) and New Haven
Any recommendation for a good documentary? I like
And you didn't take any pictures, because? ;)
wow, mad late on that too.
Or is it just coincidence there are no dogs in Julia's lifeline? RT Thank you, #Julia, for ending all those dogmeat jokes.
whos going to the show tomorrow in scottsdale?
Ryan Hollins on receiving end of another Rondo alley-oop. Rondo has 7 assists with 6:08 to go ... in the second quarter.
It's really about time my iPhone learn the word "BTDubs"
Kids Sleep Tip ~ Try to go to bed the same time every night. Your body gets used to a schedule and will be ready for sleep.
well baron davis career over smh
Susan Cadley, Coach 4ur Soul, we've been out of touch too long. I thought maybe you took a Soul Vacation...deep down there for awhile. :)
anytime bro!! Just been waiting on you!!
yea....I've attempted to check for grey hairs ....ha.
ok all you gotta do is DM it to us and we will take care of the rest:)
dear church of the friendly ghost, thanks for continuing the rad!
We're at the Lucky Lab NW setting up for Reach the Beach Pickup, today 2-4. Swing by for the easiest check in, ask questions, review routes.
How are you today ?? I'm fine ♥
I like it.....RT : Learned a new term to describe the spread of overloaded networks & dropped calls: MOBILE WARMING.
we are all connected and ready to go coming up on ESPN 1500 in about 15-20 minutes we will bring you #UHsb vs.
Why did I put the dishwasher on right before I went to bed?
People can still be bought though, just these days they might be aware of it. Evol.
you guys r just playing right?
i'll coach you through it if you need it nothing worst then messing up fry chicken LOL
LOVE this - thanks! The museum I work at has an exhibit about Astrid Lindgren and her characters (esp. Pippi) right now. :)
Sneezing right after you've put on your mascara. -_- <<<<<
ArrayFire Deploy licenses are much different pricing scheme. Call us to get that: 800-570-1941 x1
Congrats on the move! Sounds like great things are afoot
Forever wishing I was skinny and perf
Excited to teach Community Bodywork and Herbal Stress Relief to fellow volunteers tomorrow.
Hey This new layout is less than stellar and is brutal to navigate.
no i live in a small town joined te mil early have a fam now a cop. theydepend on me so i can leave to pursuey dream
We work for some of your hosts so be sure to blow us up!
or larry bird gets in blazers uniform and comes and shoots for us!! Bet he can out shoot most of these blazers at his age
omg im not crying lmao!!! she was messing with ppl
um me me i do
what a great semester that was...
Black people freaking out behind us in the suspense movie >>>
My time is Now
Hope they loved the cupcakes! Thanks for thinking of us!
Today was eventful! Hitting the studio later for a likely all night session but it's what ya gotta do da be great!!
Pinterest driving sales in the home goods sector (cc: et al)
Thanks for the #FF Happy Friday!
Growing up, I dreamed of becoming a meteorologist. Now, I've got 3 weather apps on my phone. Living the dream, people.
Who are Steelers fans going to blame for losses now that William Gay is a Cardinal?
It is extremely cool, but it's not my thing. I would rather be the voyeur vs. the exhibitionist. Thanks for thinking of me.
Road to Better Health.A basic understanding of Electrolytes and Water(macronutrients Flora)
Wisin y yandel ft jlo follow the leader. I love it.
to hangout since he home AFTER this nigga don sexed up trampy girls lol -__-
please don't blow my high, when I'm smoking that purple rain
Your White and Nerdy.. :*
A county catalog of available open data? One link, or one page? (More later.)
Lobby for faculty so you are viewed as a partner.
Of course I jump in the only cab driven by a sweet old lady. She'll get me to my destination sometime tomorrow.
kind of a ho-hum episode of #MadMen last night, if you ask me.
I'm sick af on my way to work. Ugh!
my room feels like the freaking frozen tundra
Haha Hell yea!! Pussy
What time is the voice on?
On a side not, don't set auto connect and rejoiners on your phone's IRC.
Yeah I'm going to doubt that was meant for me haha.....this is the bored weekend right that you were talking about this week?
Def not a Bieber fan but the song "boyfriend" has a bangin beat! #mentakesomefuckinnotes!
Not sure how to spend your weekend--stop by for #brunch on Saturday or Sunday from 11:00-2:30! Menu is to die for!
Still representing Los Raiders!
Hi kim
JHU Students back on campus from Spring Break. Team Meeting tonight: SPRING KINGS DRAFT. Practice starts Wed am.
I take one day off to spend some time with my son (he discovered MineCraft) and Facebook buys Instagram! WTH?
what kind of hotel are you staying at hahaha
Been awhile, its been really busy for us lately. Writing for the game is almost finished,
I fully Agree. The Party of NO Obstructed EVERYTHING so they could blame the President for failure but WE KNOW it's THEIR fault!!
sounds like you have a tweeting toddler on your hands! as long as he re-tweets - we approve! :)
Looking forward to a visit from sister in law Linda next week!
Yay we just got 3 more phones
As always, thank you to for the RT and friendship! We appreciate you, Scott!
thats got to be cool. next braun and the rest will go 0 fer
on my way to school :3
thanks love you to 💋
That was John Lennon. I could be the walrus ;-) RT : "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans."
Lol but who is : my people chilled with ur people haha RT : It was fun kickin it...
what seat number and row are you
One big room, full of bad bitches.
We are excited to see the new PayPal Here App and features. It's about time!!! Square put some fire under Paypal's ass...
That's weird, but good catch! Thank u for letting us know. We have informed the appropriate team. Enjoy the rest of ur stay! ;)
To Hungry Fa Da Top
How much do I owe this doctor? Actually, no amount of money could ever fully show my appreciation for that recommendation.
it was great to meet you yesterday. I want to see Sister Act and I want you to see Lion King.
Wishing I was at #SMX in #Seattle! Looking forward to all the tweets about it though :)
NTS: Read a tweet before you send it out. Library followers must think you have no grammar skills.
Soo I'm playing bass on Wednesday...this is going to be interesting
to its done homie I Snapped onthat shit doggy doggy!! When you wanna link up so I can show you thy ish before recording??
You coming round my neck of the woods today?
Still in Florida, still gettin hammered. I've always been one for using my time wisely
Actually yes, if all goes as planned I should be in Chicago by June. Moving to reduce my cross country travel.
Watching the playoffs: The #Kings are just dominating the #Coyotes. Aside from one flub by Quick, this game really isn't close.
#NowPlaying Just A Friend -
quality control reasons. But stay tuned. OBP Is going to open a brewery in Orlando soon!
Hail storm in Miami!! Damn what the hell?!
taking my love for granted babe,
Guest what!!!! Wednesday Night at the Q is the new home of comedy, with the best comedians in town! Every Wednesday night from 7-8pm!
don't say that!
couldnt said it better u knw it about to get hot lmao day wnt to show der chest off
Currently watching 's podcast, pretty fucking interesting, good shit.
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”…But most of all DO IT NOW! *Audition for the 2011 NJ SKY DANCERS!!
This is my head on too little sleep and too much stress.
Got to just love power outages, COME ON NOW! I need to work dammit...
Tebow gets in the Field. Rushes for 12 yards first down at Broncos 43.
That moment when you just want to beat the shit outta somebody, but you notice there are cameras everywhere. Smh
And there's the No-No for Weaver.
Hey thanks for following!
then tell your dad to buy them....secretly (;
in Yuma is out of lettuce. This is one of the largest lettuce exporters in America?!
followed your turn :)
Ugh. It's as if is reveling in high emissions, asking readers to brag about (undoubtedly aviation-powered) journeys
let me know when there is an #nyc46 event..i'll attend :)
I would suggest Beach Cafe or Beachhouse Bar & Grill in Kirkland that's pretty fun.
Uh, did anyone else feel that?
Push on! the light is there - its a little Railroad lantern, but its there! You'll reach it. Great job on synopsis!
his best song. (and underrated)
I spent several hours today trying to digest all that you've written on custom post types. Head spinning - but good stuff man!
I'm about to go HAM. Hats And Mittens, let this weather know who I am!
When my mom walks in on me shitting my pants laughing at Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory >
And people wonder why i have no desire to visit the NE corridor
Jessica Sanchez is killing the show on american idol!
The goal is not to assign blame, but to glean any learning that will help me handle it better next time. Tenzing Norbu
HAPPY FRIDAY I HOPE ALL IS WELL.
Flying to CA to finish the FIRST LZ EP with Mr. Jacques on Wednesday.
Planning on it. After my last appt, gotta get home and throw the kids in the tub and have dinner with the fam. Might be late.
UT's strategy of giving the ags hopes before crushing them is working to perfection. 10-0 atm at the end of the first.
They are still excellent. If that wasn't the best they can be, I am afraid the try the awesomeness of your baked good perfection
thanks & have a super day!
Gamel done. Braun hurt. I hope you guys are positive tomorrow or I may have to start watching soccer.
They say I'm this, and they say I'm that, They won't give me a chance no, but I do what I want, I'ma grown ass man, giving all that I can
Women nictitate (blink) twice as much as men
im ready for shit to go down, going to a big university has trained me well haha. Night puto (bitch in espanol mofo)
Researcher Misinterprets Oracle Advisory, Discloses Unpatched Database Vulnerability
"BERTHA ROCHESTER: I'm going to rip your throat out with my teeth. Let me out of this goddamn attic!"
it sucks when you fell in something for the first time but u just can let it get to you.
Correction: Our bake sale is on March 7th. Sorry for the confusion. Hope y'all can still make it!!
What's ONE thing you did for yourself this weekend?